
First of all, here is Emil himself. In his dark-blue Sunday
suit. He doesn’t care much about wearing it and only puts
it on when he has to. Blue clothes do get spotted so easily—
and then Emil’s mother dampens the clothesbrush, holds
the boy between her knees, and scrubs and brushes while
she says, “Tut, tut, you know I can’t buy you another
suit.” And then Emil remembers when it’s too late that his
mother works all day long so that they can have enough to
eat and Emi can go to school.
Second: Frau Friseuse Tischbein, Emil’s mother

When Emil was five years old, his father died. He was Herr
Klempnermeister Tischbein. Since then Emil’s mother has
dressed people’s hair. And waved it. And shampooed the
shopgirls and the married women of the neighborhood.
Besides that she has to cook and keep her house in order
and do all her own washing. She is very fond of Emil] and
is glad that she can work and earn money. Sometimes she
sings gay little songs. Sometimes she is ill, and Emil cooks
fried eggs for her and for himself. He can do that. He can
fry steak, too, with breadcrumbs and onions.
Third: A rather important train compartment

pas

The train this coach belongs to travels to Berlin. And prob-
ably in this compartment, in the next chapters, strange
things will happen. A compartment like this is a curious
contrivance. Perfect strangers sit here, and in a couple of
hours they are as friendly as if they had known each other
for years. Sometimes that’s very nice and pleasant. But
sometimes it isn’t. For who knows what sort of people they
all are?
Fourth: The man in the stiff hat

No one knows him. Of course, as a rule, you should think
the best of anyone until you know something to prove the
contrary. But in this connection I must beg of you to be a
little cautious. Because, as they say, “Foresight is better
than hindsight.” Man is good, they say. Well, that is true.
But you'd better not take him too much for granted, this
good man. Because he might suddenly become bad.
Fifth: Pony Hiitchen, Emil’s cousin

The little one on the little bicycle is Emil’s cousin from Ber-
lin. In the main, Pony Hiitchen is a charming child, and of
course her real name is something quite different. Her
mother and Frau Tischbein are sisters. And Pony Hiitchen
is only a nickname.
Sixth: The hotel on Nollendorf Place

Nollendorf Place is in Berlin. And if I am not mistaken, on
Nollendorf Place is the hotel where several people of this
story meet each other without shaking hands at all. The
hotel might be on Wittenberg Place, as far as that goes. Per-
haps even on Fehrbelliner Place. In other words, I know
just exactly where it is! But the manager came to me when
he heard that I was going to write a book about what hap-
pened there, and said that I must not tell you the name of
the Place. Because, he said, obviously it wouldn't be a rec-
ommendation for his hotel if it were known that “such peo-
ple” had spent the night there. I saw right away what he
meant. And then he went off again.
Seventh: The boy with the automobile horn

Gustav is his name. And in gym work he has a straight A.
What else has he? A good kind heart and an automobile
horn. All the boys in the fourth grade know him and treat
him as if he were their president. When he runs through the
neighborhood honking his horn, the children drop every-
thing and tear downstairs to see what's up. Usually he just
wants to get enough boys for two football teams, and they
all go off to the playground. But sometimes the horn serves

quite different purposes. As, for instance, in the affair with
Emil.
Eighth: The little branch bank



In all parts of the city the big banks have their branch
offices. There, if you have an account, you can cash checks.
Sometimes, too, the apprentices and messenger girls come to
change ten marks into a hundred tenpenny pieces so their
cashiers can have small change. And whoever wants to can
have dollars or French francs or Italian lire changed into
German money here. Even at night people sometimes come
to the bank, although there is no one there to wait on them.
So they have to help themselves.
Ninth: Emil’s grandmother

She is the jolliest old grandmother I know. Yet she has had
nothing but worries all her life long. Some people don’t have
any trouble at all to keep cheerful. For others it’s a stren-
uous and serious business. She used to live with Emil’s
parents. But when Herr Tischbein died she went to her
other daughter’s, in Berlin, because Emil’s mother did not
earn enough for three people to live on. Now the old women
lives in Berlin. And every letter she writes ends with this: “I
am well and hope you are the same.”
Tenth: The composing room of a great paper



Everything that happens gets into the paper. Only it must
be just a bit out of the ordinary. If a calf has four legs,
naturally no one is interested. But if she has five or six—and
that does happen—then the grownups want to read about it
for breakfast. If Herr Miiller is an exemplary citizen, no one
wants to know anything about him. But if Herr Miiller puts
water in the milk and sells the stuff for sweet cream, then
he gets into the paper no matter what he may do to pre-
vent it.

Have you ever passed a newspaper building at night? It
rattles and rings and rumbles and the walls shake.

There! Now, at last, we will begin!
First Chapter

Emil Helps to Shampoo

“

HERE!” said Frau Tischbein. “Now, just follow
me with that pitcher of hot water.” She herself
took another pitcher and the little blue jug with the
liquid camomile soap and walked out of the kitchen
into the living room. Emil took up his pitcher and fol-
lowed his mother.

In the living room sat a woman with her head bent
over the white washbowl. Her hair was undone and
hung down like three pounds of wool. Emil’s mother
poured the liquid camomile soap over the woman's
blond hair and rubbed the strange head until it foamed.
“Ts it too hot?” she said.

“Well, it will do,” replied the head.
“Oh, that’s Frau Backermeister Wirth. How do you
29
do?” said Emil and shoved his pitcher under the wash-
stand.

“You're lucky, Emil. I hear you are going to Berlin,”
remarked the head. And it sounded as if whoever was
speaking was buried in whipped cream.

“At first he hardly wanted to go,” said his mother,
rubbing busily at Frau Wirth’s head. “But why should
a boy kill all his time here? He has never seen Berlin.
And my sister Martha has invited us for a visit again
and again. Her husband earns good money. He is in the
post office. Inside work. Of course, I can’t go with him.
Before the holidays there is so much to do. But he is
big enough, and he must learn to look out for himself.
And besides, my mother is meeting him at the Fried-
richstrasse Station. They will pick him up at the flower
stand.”

“He's bound to like Berlin. It’s just made for children.
We were there a year and half ago with the bowling
club. Such a din! There are actually streets there that
are just as bright at night as they are in the daytime.
And the automobiles!” informed Frau Wirth from the
depths of the washbowl.

“A good many foreign cars?” asked Emil.

“How should I know about that?” answered Frau
Wirth, and had to sneeze. She'd got some soapsuds up
her nose.

“There, run along and get yourself ready,” urged his
mother. “I’ve laid out your good suit in the bedroom.

30
Put it on so that we can eat as soon as I’ve done up
Frau Wirth’s hair.”

“What shirt shall I wear?” Emil wanted to know.

“Everything is lying on the bed. And pull your stock-
ings up carefully. And first wash yourself thoroughly.
And put new laces in your shoes. Trot along, now!”

“Oh heck!” remarked Emil, and strolled off.

When Frau Wirth had left, all beautifully waved and
pleased with her looks in the mirror, Emil’s mother
went into the bedroom and found her son wandering
about dejectedly.

“Who invented best suits anyway, can you tell me
that?”

“No, I'm sorry. But why do you want to know?”

“Give me his address, and I'll shoot the bird!”

“It’s too bad about you. Other children are unhappy
because they haven't any good suit. We all have our
troubles. . . . Before I forget it — tonight be sure to
ask Aunt Martha for a coat hanger, and hang up your
suit carefully. First it must be brushed, though. Don’t
forget that. And in the morning you can wear your
sweater again and this old jacket. Now, what else? The
suitcase is packed. The flowers for Aunt Martha are
done up. The money for Grandmother I'll give you
later. And now we'll eat. Come, young man!”

Frau Tischbein put her arm around Emil’s shoulder
and steered him toward the kitchen. There was maca-
roni with ham and grated Parmesan cheese. Emil ate

31
like a farmhand. Only once in a while he sat back and
looked over at his mother as if he feared she might
think he had too good an appetite when he was going
away So soon.

“And send me a card right away. I put one where
you can find it in the suitcase, on top.”

“Sure thing,” said Emil, and scraped a bit of maca-
roni off his knee as quietly as possible. Fortunately his
mother didn’t notice anything.

“Give them all my love. And keep your eyes open.
In Berlin things are very different from Neustadt. On
Sunday you will go with Uncle Robert to the Kaiser
Friedrich Museum. And remember your manners, so
that people won’t think that we don’t know how to be-
have.”

“You can trust me,” said Emil.

Dinner over, they went into the sitting room. His
mother took a tin box from the cupboard and counted
out some money. Then she shook her head and counted
it again. Then she asked, “Who was here yesterday
afternoon anyway, hm?”

“Fraulein Thomas,” answered Emil, “and Frau
Homburg.”

“Yes, but still it doesn’t come out right.” She thought
a minute, looked over the piece of paper where she had
jotted down her receipts, did some arithmetic, and fi-
nally announced, “It’s eight marks short.”

32
“The gas man was here this morning.”

“Sure enough. Now it comes out right, worse luck.”
She gave a little whistle, probably of vexation over her
worries, and took three bank notes out of the tin box.
“There, Emil! There are a hundred and forty marks.
A hundred and twenty for you to give to Grandmother,
and twenty for you. Tell Grandmother not to blame
me for not sending it before, but I would have run too
short. That’s why you are bringing more than usual this
time. And give her a kiss. Understand? The twenty
marks left over are for you. You can buy your return
ticket out of that when you're coming home. That will
leave you about ten marks. I’m not just sure. Out of the
rest you can pay for what you eat or drink when you go
out. Besides, it’s always a good thing to have a few
extra marks in your pocket that you don’t need at the
moment. Then youre all right, whatever happens.
There! And here is the envelope from Aunt Martha’s
letter. I'll put the notes in here. And be careful not to
lose it. What will you do with it?”

She placed the three notes in the neatly opened en-
velope, folded it in the middle, and gave it to Emil.

Emil thought hard for a minute. Then he put it in his
right inside pocket way down, patted himself on the
outside of his blue coat to make sure, and announced
with conviction, “There, that won't climb out.”

“And don’t tell anybody on the train that you have so
much money with you.”

33
“But Mother!” Emil was hurt. To accuse him of such
stupidity!

Frau Tischbein put some more money into her pock-
etbook. Then she took the tin box back to the cupboard
and hastily read over the letter from her sister in Ber-
lin giving the exact time of the departure and arrival
of Emil’s train. . . .

Probably many of you will think that no one need
make such a fuss over a hundred and forty marks as
Frau Tischbein was making for Emil’s benefit. And if
a person earned two thousand or twenty thousand or
maybe a hundred thousand marks a month, of course
he wouldn’t have to.

But in case you don’t know it — most people earn far
less than that. And whether you like it or not, anyone
who earns thirty-five marks a week must think that a
hundred and forty marks he has saved is a great deal of
money. For lots of people a hundred marks is almost
as much as a million. You might say that they write
100 with six ciphers, and how much a million really is
they cannot imagine even in their dreams.

Emil had no father. So his mother had to dress hair
in her sitting room, wash blond heads and brown heads,
and work endlessly to have enough to eat and to pay for
gas and coal and the rent and clothes and books and
school. Only once in a while she was ill and stayed in
bed. Then the doctor would come and prescribe medi-
cine. And then Emil would make hot compresses for his

34
mother and cook for them both. And when she was
asleep, Emil would mop up the floor with wet flannel
rags so that she wouldn’t say, “I must get up. The house
is going to rack and ruin.”

I hope you'll understand and not laugh when I tell
you that Emil was a model boy. You see he loved his
mother. And he would have been ashamed to death if
he had been lazy while she worked and reckoned and
worked again. So how could he loaf on his schoolwork
or crib from Richard Naumann? How could he skip
school even if he had a chance? He saw her tire herself
out so that he would not have to do without anything
the other school children had. How could he cheat her
and give her trouble?

Emil was a model boy. There it is. But he wasn’t one
of the sort that can’t be anything else because they're
cowards and stingy and not real boys. He was a model
boy because he wanted to be. He had made a resolu-
tion, the way people make resolutions not to go to the
movies any more, or not to eat any more candy. He had
made the resolution, and sometimes it was very hard
for him to keep it.

But when he went home at Easter and could say,
“Mother, here are my grades, and I am the highest
again,” then he was very happy. He liked the praise he
got in school and everywhere — not for himself, but be-
cause it made his mother happy. He was proud that in

35
—

his own way he could pay back a little of what she had
been doing for him his whole life long.

“Gracious!” said his mother, “we must get to the sta-
tion. It’s quarter past one. And the train leaves a little
before two.”

“All right, let’s go, Frau Tischbein,” said Emil to his
mother, “but I want you to notice that I'm carrying my
suitcase myself.”

36

Second Chapter

Policeman Jeschke
heeps Still

N FRONT OF THE HOUSE, Emil’s mother said, “If the

horsecar comes we'll ride to the station.”

Which one of you knows how a horsecar looks? As it
is coming round the corner and stopping because Emil
waves to it, I will describe it for you quickly before it
goes rattling off again.

Well — first of all, the horsecar is a crazy thing. It
runs on rails like a real streetcar, but there is just an
old cab horse hitched to the front of it. For Emil and
his friends the old cab horse was simply a disgrace, and
they dreamed of electric cars with wires overhead and
underneath, and five spotlights in the front, and three
in the rear. Only the Mayor of Neustadt thought that
the four-mile run could be made well enough with one

37
living horsepower. Up to now there had been no talk
of electricity, and the driver had nothing to do with
steering wheels and levers. Instead he held the reins in
his left hand and the whip in his right. Giddap!

And if a man lived at 12 Town Hall Street and he sat
in the horsecar and wished to get out, he simply
knocked on the glass. Then the driver went, “Whoa!”
and the traveler was home. The real stop was perhaps
in front of Number 30 or 46. But that didn’t matter to
the Neustadt Streetcar Company. It had time. The
horse had time. The driver had time. The Neustadt
citizens had time. And if anyone happened to be in a
special hurry he went on foot. . . .

At the railway station Frau Tischbein and her son
got out. And while Emil was fishing his bag off the
platform a deep voice boomed behind them, “Well, you
must be going to Switzerland.”

That was the Chief of Police, Jeschke. Emil’s mother
answered, “No, my boy is going to relatives in Berlin
for a week.” Everything turned suddenly dark blue,
almost black, before Emil’s eyes. Because he had a very
guilty conscience. Recently a dozen of the schoolboys
on the way home from gymnastics on the river meadow
had jammed an old felt hat down on the cool head of
the monument to the Grand Duke, the one called Karl
Crooked Face. And then Emil, because he could draw
well, had been boosted up by the others and had to
paint a red nose and a pitch-black mustache with col-

38
ored crayons on the face of the Grand Duke! And while
he was painting, Officer Jeschke had turned up on the
other end of the square.

The boys had torn off like lightning. But there was
the danger that he had recognized them.

However, he said nothing, but wished Emil a pleas-
ant journey and then inquired of his mother — about
the state of her health and her business.

In spite of that Emil was not quite at ease. As he was
carrying his bag across the square to the station he was
weak in the knees. And every minute he feared that
Officer Jeschke would growl out suddenly behind him,
“Emil Tischbein, you are arrested. Hands up!” But
nothing at all happened. Perhaps the officer was just
going to wait until Emil came back?

Then his mother bought a ticket at the window, a
third-class ticket, naturally, and a platform ticket for
herself. And they went to Track Number 1 — Neustadt
Station has four tracks, if you please — and waited for
the train to Berlin. There were only a few minutes left.

“Don't leave anything, dear! And don’t sit on the
flowers. You can ask someone to lift your suitcase up
into the baggage rack. But be polite about it and say,
‘Please.’ ”

“TI get my suitcase up myself. I’m no baby.”

“All right, then. Don’t forget to get out. You'll be in
Berlin at six seventeen. At the Friedrichstrasse Station.

39
Don’t get off before that, at the Zoo Station or some
other.”

“Have no fear, young woman.”

“And above all, don’t be as fresh with other people
as you are with your mother. Don’t throw the paper on
the floor when you eat your sandwiches — and — don’t
lose your money!”

Emil clutched his coat and dived into his right-hand
breast pocket. Then he breathed a sigh of relief and
murmured, “All safe.”

He took his mother’s arm and walked with her up
and down the platform.

“And don’t overwork, Mother! And don’t get sick!
You would have nobody to take care of you. I'd take a
flying machine on the spot and come home. And write
me once in a while. And I'll stay a week at the most,
you know that.” Emil hugged his mother close, and she
gave him a kiss on his nose.

Then the train for Berlin came thundering in and
stopped. Emil gave his mother just another little
squeeze and climbed up into a compartment with his
suitcase in his hand. His mother handed him his bou-
quet and his package of sandwiches, and asked if he’d
found a seat. He nodded.

“Good, get off at Friedrichstrasse!”

He nodded.

“And your grandmother will be waiting at the flower-
stand.”

40
He nodded.

“And take care, you young rascal.”

He nodded.

“And be nice to Pony Hiitchen. You probably won't
know each other at all!”

He nodded.

“And write me.”

“You me, too.”

And so probably it would have gone on for hours if
there hadn’t been any timetable. The conductor with
the red leather bag shouted, “All aboard! All aboard!”
The doors clanged shut. The engine pulled out. And
off they went.

The mother waved her handkerchief for a long time.
Then she turned around slowly and went home. And
because she had her handkerchief ready in her hand, as
it were, she wept a few tears into it.

But not for long. Because at home Frau Fleischer-
meister Augustin was waiting, and she wanted a good

thorough shampoo.

41
Third Chapter

The Trip to Berlin
Can Start

MIL TOOK OFF HIs CAP and said, “How do you do?
Maybe there’s an empty seat here?” Of course
there was an empty seat. And a fat woman who had
taken off her left shoe because it pinched said to her
neighbor, a man who puffed frightfully at every breath,
“Such polite children are rare nowadays. When I think
back on my childhood — my goodness, what a different
spirit there was then.” And she wiggled her pinched
toes in her left stocking in time with her talking. Emil
looked on with interest. And the man could hardly nod
for his puffing.
Emil had known for a long time that there are al-
ways people who say, “Ah well, things used to be much
better.” So he paid no attention when anyone an-

42

nounced that formerly the air was much more health-
ful or that the oxen had bigger heads. Because usually
what they said wasn’t true. and they belonged to the
sort who refuse to be satisfied with things as they are
for fear of becoming contented.

Emil felt his right breast pocket and was relieved
when he heard the envelope crackle. His traveling com-

panions all looked like trustworthy people, and not like
robbers or murderers. Next to the man who puffed so
sat a woman who was crocheting a shaw]. And by the
window near Emil a man in a stiff hat was reading the
newspaper.

Suddenly he laid the paper aside, took from his
pocket a bar of chocolate, held it out to the boy, and
said, “Well, young man, want some?”

“Thank you very much,” answered Emil and took the
chocolate. Then he hastily took off his cap, as an after-
thought, made a little bow, and said, “Emil Tischbein
is my name.”

The passengers laughed. The man, for his part, sol-
emnly lifted his hat and said, “Very pleased, my name’s
Grundeis!”

Then the fat woman who had taken off her left shoe
asked him, “Does Shopkeeper Kurzhals still live in
Neustadt?”

“Yes indeed, Herr Kurzhals still lives there,’ Emil
informed her. “Do you know him? He has bought the
lot where his store is.”

43
“Well, well. Tell him Frau Jakob from Gross-Griinau
wanted to be remembered to him.”

“But I’m going to Berlin.”

“It will be time enough when you get back,” said
Frau Jakob. She wiggled her toes again and laughed
until her hat fell over her face.

“So you're going to Berlin?” asked Herr Grundeis.

“Yes, and my grandmother is waiting at the flower
stand in the Friedrichstrasse Station,” answered Emil,
and felt his breast pocket. Thank goodness, the en-
velope crackled again as before.

“Have you ever been to Berlin?”

“No.”

“Well, it will astonish you! In Berlin nowadays there
are houses a hundred stories high, and they have to
fasten the roofs to the sky so they won't blow away.
And if a man is in a great hurry to go to another part
of the city they clap him into a chest at the post office,
pop it into a tube, and shoot it like a pneumatic letter
to the post office of the section where he wants to go.

“And if you haven't any money you go to a bank and
leave your brains as a pledge, and you get a thousand
marks. Naturally, you can’t buy them back from the
bank unless you pay them twelve hundred marks, And
now some wonderful medical appliances have been in-
vented and —”

“It’s plain to see that you have left your brains at the

44

bank,” said the man who puffed so horribly to the man
with the stiff hat. “Quit your nonsense.”

The toes of the fat woman stood stil] in awe, and the
woman who was crocheting held her breath.

Emil laughed uncertainly. And a long argument
started between the men. Emil thought, “I should
worry,” and got out his sandwiches, even though he
had just eaten his dinner. As he was eating his third
sandwich the train stopped at a station. Emil could not
see the sign, and he didn’t understand what the guard
shouted at the window. Most of the passengers got out
—the puffing man, the crocheting woman, and also
Frau Jakob. She was almost too late because she
couldn’t get her shoe on.

“Well, remember me to Herr Kurzhals,” she said
again, and Emil nodded.

And then he and the man with the stiff hat were left
alone. Emil was not very well pleased at that. A man
who divides his chocolate with you and tells you crazy
stories is pretty queer. Emil wanted to feel his en-
velope again for a change. But he didn’t dare. Instead
he went into the toilet as the train started on, took the
envelope out of his pocket, and counted the money. It
was all there, and then he did not know what to do.
Finally he had an idea. He took a pin that he found in
his lapel, stuck it first through the three notes, next
through the envelope, and finally through the lining of

45
Herr Grundeis slept and snored a bit.

iiiiiaiieeeens

his jacket. You might say that he nailed the money
tight. “There,” he thought, “now nothing can happen.”
And then he went back into the compartment.

Herr Grundeis had made himself snug in a corner
and slept. Emil was glad he didn’t have to talk and
looked out of the window. Trees, windmills, fields, fac-
tories, herds of cows, and waving peasants all went by.
And it was nice to see how they all whirled around just
as if they were on a phonograph record. But you can’t
stare out of a window forever.

Herr Grundeis slept on and on and snored a bit.
Emil wanted to walk up and down, but if he did he
might wake the man, and he didn’t care to do that at
all. So he leaned back in the opposite corner of the com-
partment and watched the sleeping man. Why did he
always keep his hat on? He had a rather long face and
a tiny black mustache and a hundred wrinkles around
his mouth, and his ears were very thin and stuck out
from his head.

Whoop! Emil shook himself and was terrified. He
had almost fallen asleep. He didn’t dare do that under
any circumstances. If only even one other person would
get on. The train stopped several times, but no one
came. It was only four o'clock, and Emil still had more
than two hours to ride. He pinched his legs. That al-
ways helped in school when Herr Bremser gave the
history lesson.

It worked for a while. Emil wondered how Pony

47
Hiitchen looked now. But he couldn’t remember her
face. He only knew that on her last visit, when she and
Grandmother and Aunt Martha were in Neustadt, Pony

had wanted to box with him. Naturally, he had refused,
because she was a lightweight and he was at least a

welterweight. It would have been unfair, he said. And
if he were to give her an uppercut they would have to
peel her down from the wall. But she wouldn’t let him
alone until Aunt Martha interfered.

Zowie! He almost fell off the seat. Asleep again? He
pinched and pinched his legs. He must have black and
blue spots all over already. And still it didn’t do any
good.

He tried counting buttons. He counted down and
then up again. Counting down there were twenty-three
buttons, and counting up there were twenty-four. Emil
leaned back and pondered over how that could be.

And he fell sound asleep.

48

Fourth Chapter

A Dream in Which

There Is Much Running

UDDENLY IT SEEMED TO Emil that the train was
going around in a circle, just as the toy trains do
that children play with. He looked out of the window
and found it most curious. The circle was getting
smaller and smaller. The engine was coming nearer and
nearer to the last car. And it seemed as if it were doing
that on purpose. The train turned around on itself just
like a dog that tries to bite his own tail. And inside
that black racing circle were trees and a glass windmill
and a great house with two hundred stories.

Emil wanted to know what time it was and started
to pull his watch out of his pocket. He pulled and
pulled, and finally it was the big grandfather clock out
of his mother’s room. He looked at the face, and there

49
it said, “185 miles an hour. It is forbidden on penalty
of your life to spit on the floor!” He looked out of the
window again. The engine was coming nearer and
nearer to the last car. And he was terribly worried.
Because if the engine struck the last car naturally there
would be a train wreck. That was clear. Emil did not
want to wait for that on any account. He opened the
door and ran along the outside steps. Perhaps the en-
gineer had gone to sleep? Emil looked through the
windows of the compartments as he worked his way
along. There was no one sitting anywhere. The train
was empty. Emil saw only one man, who had on a stiff
hat made of chocolate. The man broke off a big piece
from his hat brim and gulped it down. Emil rapped on
the windowpane and pointed at the engine. But the
man only laughed, broke himself another big piece of
chocolate, and patted himself on the stomach because
it tasted so good.

Finally Emil got to the coal car. Then he clambered
up to the engineer’s cabin. The engineer was hunched
up on a coachman’s seat, whirling his whip and hold-
ing the reins as if there were horses hitched in front
of the train. And that’s just what there were! Six pairs
of horses dragged the train. They had silver roller
skates on their hoofs, and they flew along over the rails
singing, “Must I go, must I go to that city so far?”

Emil shook the coachman and shouted, “Pull up

50

your horses, or you'll have an accident.” Then he saw
that the coachman was none other than Officer Jeschke.

He gave Emil a piercing glance and shouted, “Who
were the other youngsters? Who painted up the Grand
Duke Karl?”

“Me,” said Emil.

“Who else?”

“That I won't tell!”

“Then we'll keep right on going in a circle!”

And Officer Jeschke whipped up his steeds so that
they reared up and flew faster than ever toward the
last car. And in the last car sat Frau Jakob, brandishing
the shoes in her hand and frightened to death because
the horses were already snapping at her toes.

“Tl give you twenty marks, Officer,” shouted Emil.

“Please stop such nonsense!” shrieked Jeschke and
plied his whip on the horses as if he were possessed.

Emil couldn't bear it any longer, he jumped off the
train. He turned twenty somersaults of the way down,
but it didn’t hurt him. He stood up and looked back at
the train. It was standing still, and the twelve horses
tured their heads toward Emil. Officer Jeschke had
sprung up and was whipping his horses and bellowing,
“Up there and after him!” And then the twelve horses
sprang off the tracks and sprinted after Emil, and the
cars hopped about like rubber balls.

Emil wasted no time, but ran away as fast as he
could. Over a meadow, past many trees, through a

51
brook, toward the skyscraper. Every now and then he
looked behind him. The train thundered on with no
letup. It knocked the trees right and left and split them
to pieces. Only one old oak was left standing, and on
its topmost branch sat fat Frau Jakob, swaying in the
wind and weeping because she couldn't get her shoe on.
Emil ran on.

In the house that was two hundred stories high there
was a great black door. He ran in, through the house,
and out the other side. The train followed after. Emil
would much rather have sat himself down in a corner
to sleep, for he was fearfully tired and trembling in
every limb. But he dared not go to sleep. The train was
already rattling through the house.

Emil saw an iron ladder. It went up the house way
to the roof. He began to climb. Luckily he was good
at gym work. While he climbed he counted the stories.
At the fiftieth floor he risked turning around. The trees
had grown very small, and the glass windmill was
hardly recognizable. But oh, horrors! the train was
running right up, up the side of the house. Emil
climbed higher and higher. And the train snorted and
clumped up the ladder rungs just as if they were tracks.

The 100th floor, 120th, 140th, 160th, 180th, 190th,
200th floor. Emil stood on the roof and had no idea
what to do next. He could hear the neighing of the
horses. Then the boy ran to the other end of the roof,
took his handkerchief out of his pocket, and spread it

52

fez
Lae:
52 nag

VA

Emil ran away as fast as he could.
out. And as the sweating horses came creeping over
the edge of the roof with the train after them Emil
stretched his handkerchief high above his head and
sprang off into space. He could hear the train behind
him knocking the chimneys over. Then for a little while
he could neither hear nor see anything.

And then, crash! He plumped down into a meadow.
At first he lay there exhausted with his eyes closed, and
would have liked to dream a beautiful dream. But be-
cause he didn’t feel quite safe yet he looked up at the
house, and there he saw the twelve horses on the roof,
opening umbrellas. And Officer Jeschke had an um-
brella too, and was driving the horses on with it. They
sat back on their haunches, gave themselves a jerk, and
sprang off into the depths. And then the train sailed
down toward the meadow, growing bigger by the min-
ute.

Emil jumped up again and ran across the meadow
toward the glass mill. It was transparent, and he saw
his mother in there washing Frau Augustin’s hair.
“Thank goodness!” he thought and ran through the
back door into the mill.

“Mother,” he called, “whatever can I do?”

“What's the matter, my child?” asked his mother,
and scrubbed away busily.

“Look through the wall!”

Frau Tischbein looked out just in time to see the

54

train and the horses land in the meadow and come tear-
ing across to the mill.

“Why, that is Officer Jeschke,” said his mother, and
shook her head in astonishment.

“He has been chasing after me the whole time like

2

mad.

“Well, what in the world?”

“A while ago I painted a red nose and a mustache
on the Grand Duke Karl Crooked Face in the market
place.”

“Yes, and where else should you paint mustaches?”
asked Frau Augustin, and sneezed violently.

“Nowhere else, Frau Augustin. But that isn’t the
worst. He wants to know who else was there. And that
I can’t tell him. That’s a question of honor.”

“Emil is right about that,” agreed his mother, “but
what shall we do?”

“Put on the motor, dear Frau Tischbein,” said Frau
Augustin.

Emil’s mother pushed down a lever that was under-
neath the table. The windmill sails began to turn, and
as they were made of glass and the sun was shining on
them, they shimmered and shone so that one could
hardly bear to look at them.

And the twelve horses running with their train be-
came so frightened that they shied and reared up and
refused to take another step. Officer Jeschke swore so

55

they could hear him through the glass walls. But the
horses didn’t stir from the spot.

“There, now we can wash my scalp in peace,” said
Frau Augustin. “Nothing more can happen to your
boy.”

Frau Tischbein accordingly went on with her work.
Emil sat down on a chair that was also made of glass
and whistled to himself. Then he laughed out loud and
said, “This is marvelous. If I had known before that
you were here I'd never have climbed up that blamed
house.”

“I hope you didn’t tear your suit,” said his mother.
Then she asked, “Did you take good care of the
money?”

At that Emil gave a great jump. And with a crash he
fell off the glass chair.

And woke up.

56

Fifth Chapter

Emil Gets Uff at
the Wrong Station

A Emi awoke the train was just getting under way
again. He had fallen off the seat in his sleep and
was lying on the floor, frightened almost out of his wits
without knowing why. His heart was beating like a
trip hammer. There he squatted in the train and had
almost forgotten where he was. Bit by bit it all came
back to him. Right — he was going to Berlin. And he
had fallen asleep. Just like the man in the stiff hat... .
Emil sat bolt upright with a jerk and whispered,
“Why, he’s gone off.” His knees trembled. Very slowly
he got up and mechanically brushed the dust off his
suit. Then the next question was, “Is the money still
there?” And at that question he felt an indescribable
terror.

57

For a long time he stood leaning against the door,
not daring to move. Just over there that man Grundeis
had sat and slept and snored. And now he was gone.
Of course, everything might be all right. It was absurd
to be suspicious right away. Just because Emil was go-
ing to Friedrichstrasse Station in Berlin was no reason
why everyone else had to go there too. And the money,
of course, was safe in its proper place. First, it was in
his pocket. Second, it was in the envelope. And third,
it was fastened to the lining with a pin. And then he
reached slowly into his right inside pocket.

The pocket was empty! The money was gone]

Emil burrowed around in his pocket with his left
hand while he pushed and poked at it from the outside
with his right hand. There was no doubt about it — the
pocket was empty and the money was gone.

“Ouch!” Emil pulled his hand out of his pocket. And
not only his hand, but in it the pin with which he had
pinned the notes. Nothing but the pin was left. And
that was pricking his left forefinger so that it bled.

He wound his handkerchief around the finger and
began to cry. Naturally, not for that tiny bit of blood.
Two weeks before he had run into a lamppost so hard
that it was almost broken off, and Emil stil] had the
bump on his forehead from it. And he hadn't cried one
second.

He wept now about the money. And he wept because
of his mother. Anyone who can’t understand that, no

58

matter how brave he may be, is beyond help. Emil knew
how his mother had economized for months to save
the hundred and forty marks for his grandmother and
for his trip to Berlin. And hardly was her young son
in the train before he settled himself back in the corner,
dreamed a crazy dream, and allowed himself to be
robbed by that pig of a man. Wasn't it enough to make
him cry? What was he to do now? Get off in Berlin
and say to his grandmother, “Here I am, but you might
as well know you'll get no money? Instead you had
better give me my train fare back to Neustadt. Other-
wise I'll have to walk.”

That was splendid! His mother had economized for
nothing. His grandmother would not get a penny. He
couldn't stay in Berlin. He dared not go back home.
And all because of a rascal who gave chocolate to chil-
dren and pretended to be asleep. And then he robbed
them. Boy, oh boy! what a swell world it was!

Emil dried his tears and looked around.

If he pulled the bell cord the train would stop at
once. And then a brakeman would come, and another,
and still another. And they would all ask, “What's the
matter?”

“My money is stolen,” he would say.

“Another time take better care of it,” they would an-
swer. “Please get on again. Who are you? Where do
you live? To pull the bell once costs a hundred marks.
The bill will be sent.”

59

In the express trains there are corridors so that you
ean run through the whole thing from one end to the
other, even to the caboose, and report a burglary. But
not in the third class! In such a stupid train! Here you
must wait till the next station because you have to step
off one car and walk along outside to get to the next
car. And meantime the man with the stiff hat could be
miles and miles away. Emil did not even know at what
station he had got off. How late was it, anyway? When
would they reach Berlin? Great houses and villas with
gay gardens and then high dirty red chimneys ambled
past the windows. Apparently this was Berlin already.
At the next station he would have to call the guard and
tell him all about it. And he would promptly notify the
police.

Now, to top it all, he had to get mixed up with the
police, and naturally Officer Jeschke could keep silent
no longer but would have to admit officially, “I don’t
know why, but that schoolboy, Emil Tischbein of Neu-
stadt, doesn’t quite please me. First he daubs up noble
monuments. And then he allows himself to be robbed
of a hundred and forty marks. Perhaps they weren't
stolen at all?

“A boy who daubs up monuments will tell lies. I
have had experience with that. Probably he has buried
the money in the woods or has swallowed it and plans
to go to America with it? There’s no sense trying to
capture the thief — not the slightest. The boy Tischbein

60

himself is the thief. Please, Chief of Police, arrest him.”

Horrible! He could not even confide in the police!

He took his bag out of the rack, put on his cap, stuck
the pin back in his coat lapel, and got ready to go. He
had not the slightest idea what he would do. But stay
another five minutes in this compartment he would not.
That was certain.

Meanwhile the train was slowing down. Emi] saw
rows of tracks shining outside. Then they came into a
station.

Some porters ran along by the car to get the baggage.

The train stopped!

Emil looked out of the window and saw a sign high
up over the tracks. It said “Zoological Gardens.” The
doors flew open. People climbed out of the compart-
ments. Other people were waiting for them with out-
stretched arms.

Emil leaned way out of the window, looking for the
conductor. Some distance off and almost hidden in a
crowd of people, he saw a stiff black hat. If that were
the thief? Perhaps after he stole Emil’s money he did
not get off the train but just went into another car?

In the next second Emil was standing on the plat-
form. He put down his bag, climbed back into the train,
because he had forgotten his bunch of flowers in the
baggage rack, got out again, picked up his bag in a
hurry, and ran as fast as he could to the exit.

Where was the stiff hat? The boy stumbled over

61
people’s legs, banged into someone with his suitcase,
and ran on. The crowd was getting thicker and harder
to press through.

There! There was the stiff hat! Good heavens, over
there was another! Emil could hardly carry his bag.
He wished he could leave it right there. But if he did
probably that, too, would be stolen.

Finally he got up close to the stiff hat.

That must be the one. Was it?

No.

There was the next one.

No. That man was too small.

Emil wound himself in and out of the crowd like an
Indian.

There, there!

That was the fellow. Thank goodness! That was
Grundeis. He was just pushing through the gate and
seemed to be in a hurry.

“Just wait, you beast,” growled Emil, “we'll get youl”
Then he gave up his ticket, took his bag in the other
hand, clamped his flowers under his right arm, and ran
downstairs behind the man.

Now it’s do or die!

Sixth Chapter

Streetcar Line 177

MIL WISHED he could run up to the fellow, post
himself in front of him, and shout, “Give me my
money!” But he didn’t look as though he would answer,
“Gladly, my good boy. Here it is. I will surely not do it
again.” The affair was not as simple as that. For the
moment the most important thing was not to let the
man out of his sight.

Emil hid himself behind a tall and ample woman
who was walking ahead of him and peered out from
behind her, now to the right, now to the left, to make
sure that the man was still in sight and not suddenly
running off in another direction. Meanwhile the man
had reached the main entrance of the station and was
looking around him, scanning the crowd as if he were

63
trying to find someone. Emil kept close behind the large
lady and came nearer and nearer. What would happen
now? Soon he would have to pass the man, and there
would be an end to all the secrecy. Perhaps the lady
would help him? But she surely would not believe
him. And the thief would say, “Pardon me, madam,
what gives you such an idea? Do I look as if I had to
rob little children?” And then all the people around
would look at the boy and cry, “That is the limit! Lies
about the grownups. Boys today are altogether too
impudent.” Emil’s teeth were chattering already.

Fortunately, just then the man turned his head away
again and stepped out into the open. Quick as a flash
Emil jumped behind the door, put down his bag, and
peered out of the window grating. Heavens! how his
arm ached!

The thief crossed the street slowly, looked backward
once more, and then walked on, apparently reassured.
Then from the left came a streetcar and trailer, Number
177, and stopped. The man hesitated a second, stepped
into the front car, and seated himself at a window.

Emil grabbed his bag again, ducked past the door,
down the corridor, out of another door onto the street,
and reached the trailer from behind just as the car was
starting again. He threw his bag up, climbed after it,
shoved it into a corner, placed himself in front of it,
and took a deep breath. So that was over!

But what now? If the other got off on the way the

64

money would be gone for good. Because it wouldn't do
to jump off with his bag. That would be too dangerous.

These autos! They rushed past the streetcar, honked
and squeaked, signaled for left turns and right, and
swung around corners; other autos pushed right after
them. What a jam! And so many people on the side-
walks! And from every side street, cars, delivery carts,
double-decker buses! Newsstands on every corner.
Wonderful show windows with flowers, fruits, books,
gold watches, clothes, and silk underwear. And tall,
tall buildings.

So that was Berlin.

Emil would have liked to observe it all in peace. But
there was no time for that. In the forward car sat a man
who had Emil’s money, who might get off at any mo-
ment and disappear in the crowd. Then Emil might as
well give up. Because out there among the cars and
the people and the motor buses you couldn’t find any-
one again. Emil stuck his head out. What if the fellow
were gone already? Then he alone would be riding on
—he didn’t know where, he didn’t know why. And
meanwhile his grandmother was waiting at the Fried-
richstrasse Station at the flower stall and had no notion
that her grandson was careering across Berlin on Line
Number 177 and was in great trouble.

It was maddening.

The car stopped for the first time. Emil kept his eyes
on the forward car. But no one got off. Just a crowd of

65
new passengers streamed into the car. They tramped
past Emil too. One man grumbled because the boy had
his head stuck out in the way.

“Don’t you see that people want to get on?” he
growled.

The guard who was selling tickets in the car pulled
a cord. The bell rang. And the cars went on farther.
Emil got back in his corner, was squeezed, and had his
feet stepped on, and all of a sudden was terrified to
think, “I have no money! When the conductor comes
back here I'll have to buy a ticket. And if I can’t buy
one he'll put me off. And then I might as well be
buried.”

He looked over the people standing around. Could
he twitch one of them by the coat and say, “Please lend
me money for my fare”? Oh dear, they all had such
solemn faces. One was reading a paper. A couple of
others were talking about a great bank robbery. “They
dug a regular tunnel,” one of the men was saying, “and
working from that they cleared out all the bank vaults.
The loss probably amounted to several millions.”

“It’s almost impossible to determine what was really
in the vaults,” said the second, “because the people who
rent the safe-deposit boxes do not have to tell the bank
what is locked up in them.”

“Yes, some people would declare that they had dia-
monds worth a hundred thousand marks when in

66

reality they had only a bunch of worthless paper or a
dozen plated spoons.” And both of them chuckled.

“That’s just what will happen to me,” thought Emil
sadly. “I will say, ‘Herr Grundeis stole a hundred and
forty marks from me, and nobody will believe me.
The thief will say I am just being impudent and it was
only three and a half marks! What a nasty fix!”

The conductor was coming nearer and nearer the
door. He was already standing in the doorway and call-
ing, “Tickets?”

He tore off long white strips of paper and made rows
of holes with a punch. The people on the platform gave
him money and got their tickets.

“Now, you?” he questioned the boy.

“I lost my money, Conductor,” answered Emil. Be-
cause no one would have believed about the robbery.

“Lost your money? I know that one. And where do
you want to go?”

“I — I— don’t know yet,” stammered Emil.

“So? Well, you get off at the next station and find out
where you want to go.”

“Oh no, that won't do. I must stay here, Conductor,
please.”

“If I tell you to get off, you get off. Understand?”

“Give the youngster a ticket!” said the man who had
been reading the paper. He gave money to the con-
ductor. And the conductor gave the ticket to Emil, say-
ing to the man, “If you only knew how many young

67
ones get on here every day with a story of forgetting
their money. And then they laugh at us behind our
backs.”

“This one won't laugh at us,” answered the man.

The conductor stepped back inside the car.

“Thank you very, very much,” said Emil.

“Oh, that’s all right!” answered the man and buried
himself in his paper again.

Then the cars stopped once more. Emil leaned out to
see if the man in the stiff hat got off. But there was
nothing to see.

“Might I ask you for your address?” Emil asked the
man.

“What for?”

“So I can give you back your money when I get some.
I'm staying about a week in Berlin, so I could bring it
to you. Tischbein is my name. Emil Tischbein from
Neustadt.”

“No,” said the man. “The fare was a present, of
course. Do you need anything more?”

“Oh no, indeed,” exclaimed Emil. “I couldn’t take
anything more.”

“Allright,” said the man and turned back to his paper
again.

And the car went on. And stopped. And went on far-
ther. Emil read the name of the beautiful broad street.
Kaiser Avenue, it was. He went on without knowing
where he was going. In the other car sat a thief. And

68

perhaps there were other thieves sitting or standing in
the car. No one paid any attention to him. To be sure,
a stranger had given him a ticket. But now he was just
reading his paper again!

The city was so big, and Emil was so small. And no
one cared to know why he had no money and why he
didn’t know where he had to get off. Four million peo-
ple lived in Berlin, and not one of them was interested
in Emi] Tischbein. No one wants to know about other
people’s troubles. Everyone is busy about his own cares
and joys. And when anyone says, “I'm really sorry
about that,” he usually doesn’t mean anything more
than, “Oh, leave me alone!”

What was going to happen? Emil swallowed hard
and felt very very much alone.

69
Seventh Chapter

Great Excitement in
Schumann Street

HILE EMIL WAS STANDING on streetcar Number

177, riding down Kaiser Avenue without know-
ing where he would land, his grandmother and Pony
Hiitchen, his cousin, were waiting for him at the
Friedrichstrasse Station. They were standing at the
flower stall, according to the agreement, and kept look-
ing at the clock. Many people passed by, with trunks
and chests and satchels and pocketbooks and bouquets.
But Emil was not among them.

“Probably he’s grown to be a big boy, don’t you sup-
pose?” asked Pony and pushed her shiny little bicycle
back and forth. She really shouldn’t have brought it.
But she had teased about it so long that her grand-
mother had finally consented. “All right, take it along,

70

you silly goose.” So now the silly goose was in a good
humor and thinking happily of Emil’s respectful glance
when he should see her bicycle. “He'll think it’s pretty
grand,” she said, and was perfectly certain she was
right.

The grandmother was getting worried. “I wish I
knew what the matter is. It’s already twenty minutes
past six, and the train must have come in long ago.”

They waited a few minutes more, and then her
grandmother sent the little girl to inquire. Of course,
Pony Hiitchen took her bike with her.

“Can you tell me where the train from Neustadt is?”
she asked the guard, who stood at the gate with a ticket
punch and saw that everyone who wanted to pass had a
ticket.

“Neustadt? Neustadt?” he considered. “Oh yes, six
seventeen! That train came in long ago.”

“Oh dear, that’s a shame! You see, we're waiting at
the flower stand for my cousin Emil.”

“That's fine, that’s fine,” said the man.

“Why should it be fine, Inspector?” asked Pony
curiously, and played with the bell on her bike.

The guard said nothing, but turned his back on the
child. “Aren’t you the bright boy?” said Pony, offended.
“T hope I'll meet you again.”

Several people laughed. The guard bit his lips an-
grily. And Pony trotted back to the flower stand.

“The train came in long ago, Grandmother.”

Til
“What could have happened?” worried the old
woman. “If he hadn’t started his mother would have
telegraphed. Do you suppose he got off at the wrong
station? But we wrote so carefully just what to do.”

“I can't make head or tail of it,” Pony declared, and
looked important. “He surely got off at the wrong sta-
tion. Boys are so stupid. Ill bet on it. You'll see that
I'm right.”

And because there was nothing else to do they waited
again. Five minutes.

Another five minutes.

“But there is really no sense to this,” Pony told her
grandmother. “We can stand here till we're black in the
face. I wonder if there’s another flower stand?”

“You go look around, but don’t stay long.”

Pony took her bike again and inspected the station.
There was no other flower stand. Then she pestered
two innocent guards with questions and came back
proudly.

“There,” she said, “there are no more flower stands.
That would be funny. What was I going to say? Oh
yes, the next train arrives from Neustadt at a little after
half-past eight. We might just as well go home. And on
the stroke of eight I'll ride back here. If he isn’t here
by then, he'll get a red-hot letter from me.”

“Pony, be more careful of your speech.”

“Well, you might say, he'll get a cool letter from
me.

72

The grandmother looked anxious and shook her
head. “I don’t like it, I don’t like it.” When she was
excited she always said things twice over.

They went home slowly. On the way over the Weid-
endammer Bridge, Pony asked, “Grandmother, would
you like to sit on the handlebars?”

“Stop such silly talk.”

“Why? You aren’t a bit heavier than Arthur Zickler,
and he often sits there when I ride.”

“If that happens just once again your father will take
your bike away for good.”

“Oh dear, I can’t tell you a thing,” scolded Pony.

When they came to the Heimbolds’ house, 15 Schu-
mann Street, there was great excitement. Everyone
wanted to know where Emil was, and nobody knew.

The father suggested telegraphing Emil’s mother.

“For heaven’s sakel” cried his wife, Pony’s mother.
“She'd be frightened to death. About eight o'clock
we'll all go to the station again. Perhaps he'll come
on the next train.”

“I hope so,” mourned the grandmother, “but I can’t
help feeling — I don’t like it. I don’t like it.”

“T don’t like it,” said Pony Hitchen, and thought-
fully wagged her small head to and fro.

73
Eighth Chapter

The Boy with the Auto
Horn Turns Up

T TRAUTENAU STREET, on the comer of Kaiser

Avenue, the man with the stiff hat got off the car.

Emil saw him, took up his bag and his bouquet, and

said to the man reading the paper, “Thank you again
and again, sir,” and climbed off the platform.

The thief went in front of the car, crossed the tracks,
and headed for the other side of the street. The car
went on, and when the way was clear Emil noticed that
the man stopped, hesitated a moment, and then walked
up the steps to an outdoor café.

Now again it was necessary to be very cautious. Like
a detective that follows a clue, Emil sized up the situa-
tion, looked quickly around, noticed a newsstand on
a corer, and ran as fast as he could to hide behind it.
74

His hiding place was perfect. It lay between the stand
and a post. The boy put down his baggage, took off his
cap, and peeked out.

The man had seated himself on the terrace close to
the railing. He was smoking a cigarette and seemed
very pleased with himself. Emil was disgusted that a
thief could be so thoroughly satisfied while the fellow
who was robbed had to be so gloomy and not know
what to do.

What a silly idea to hide behind a newsstand as if he
himself were the thief instead of the other. What point
was there in knowing that the man was sitting in Café
Josty on Kaiser Avenue and that he was drinking light
beer and smoking cigarettes? If the fellow would get
up, then the chase could go on. But if he stayed there
then Emil might hide behind the stand until he grew a
long gray beard. Nothing was wanting now but for a
policeman to come along and say, “My son, you look
suspicious. Come, follow me of your own accord, now,
or I'll have to put the handcuffs on you.”

Suddenly a hor tooted right behind Emil. He
jumped aside in fright and turned around to see a boy
who stood there laughing at him.

“There man, don’t get excited,” said the boy.

“Who honked that horn behind me?” asked Emil.

“Why me of course. You don’t come from Wilmers-
dorf, do you? Otherwise you'd have known long ago

75
that I have a horn in my pants’ pocket. Everyone
around here knows me as well as if I were a freak.”

“I'm from Neustadt. I just came from the station.”

“From Neustadt, eh? That’s why you've got such a
goofy suit on?”

“Take that back! Or I'll give you one that'll lay you
out cold.”

“Shucks, man,” said the other cheerfully, “are you
cross? The weather's too excellent for fighting, but it’s
O.K. with me.”

“We'll tend to that later,” declared Emil. “I haven’t
any time for such stuff now.” And he looked across at
the café to see if Grundeis was still sitting there.

“I thought you had all the time in the world. Get
behind a newsstand with his bag and his flowers and
then start to play hide-and-go-seek with himself. A fel-
low must have ten or twenty yards of time left over to
do that.”

“No,” said Emil, “I’m watching a thief!”

“What? Did I understand the first time?” said the
other. “Who did he swipe from?”

“Mel” answered Emil, and was positively proud
of it. “In the train. While I was asleep. A hundred and
forty marks. I was supposed to give them to my grand-
mother here in Berlin. Then he sneaked into another
compartment and got out at the Zoo Station. Me after
him, of course, you can imagine. Then on the street-

76

car. And now he’s sitting over there in that café, with
his stiff hat, patting himself on the back.”

“But man, that is marvelous,” cried the newcomer.
“Just like a moviel And what are you going to do now?”

“No idea. Keep after him. That's all I know right
now.”

“Tell it to the cop there. Hell nab him for you.”

“I don’t dare. I pulled a stunt home in Neustadt —
not so good — and they're after me now. And if I—”

“I get you.”

“And my grandmother is waiting at the Friedrich-
strasse Station.”

The boy with the horn thought a bit. Then he said,
“This looks like a swell stunt to me — some class, I'll
say. And man, I'm with you, if it’s all right with you.”

“That would be mighty good of you.”

“Oh, cut it out, boy. One thing’s sure. I'm in on it.
My name's Gustav.”

“And mine’s Emil.”

They shook hands, well pleased with each other.

“But let’s get going,” advised Gustav. “If we do
nothing but stand around here the crook will give us
the slip. Have you any money?”

“Not a cent.”

Gustav honked softly to stir up his thoughts. It didn’t
help.

“How would it be,” asked Emil, “if you got a few
of your friends to help?”

y

77

“Man, the idea is superb,” cried Gustav excitedly.
“All I have to do is to dash through the courtyards
honking, and we'll have the whole outfit.”

“Do it, then, but come back soon,” Emil advised him,
“or else that thief over there will run away. And me
after him, of course. And when you get back Y’'ll be out
of sight.”

“True enough. Tl hurry! Count on that. Anyhow,
the bozo in the Café Josty there is eating boiled eggs
and such things. He'll stay a while. So see you later,
Emil. Man, I’m crazy about it. This will be a hum-
dinger.” And with that he tore off.

Emil felt wonderfully relieved. Of course, bad luck
is always bad luck. But to have a few supporters who
are on your side of their own free will is no small com-
fort.

He kept close watch on the thief, who was doing
himself rather well, probably on Emil’s mother’s sav-
ings, too, and Emil had only one anxiety — that the
man might get up and leave. Then Gustav and his horn
and everything else would be of no use.

But Herr Grundeis did him the favor of staying
where he was. If he’d had any idea of the conspiracy
that was drawing around him like a bag he would
have hired an airplane, at least. For now things were
getting hot for him.

Ten minutes later Emil heard the horn again. He

78

turned and saw at least two dozen boys marching down
Trautenau Street with Gustav in the lead.

“Everybody halt! There, what do you say?” asked
Gustav, his face all smiles.

“It’s great,” answered Emil, and poked Gustav in
the ribs in his joy.

“Now, gentlemen, this is Emil from Neustadt. I’ve
already told you the rest. Over across there sits the pig
dog who swiped his money. That one to the right on
the balcony with the black melon on his bean. If we
let that brother get away our name is Mud from then
on. Understand?”

“But Gustav, we'll get him all right,” said a boy with
horn spectacles.

“That is the Professor,” explained Gustav.

And Emil shook hands with him.

Then the whole gang was introduced, one after the
other.

“There,” said the Professor, “now we'll step on the
gas. Let’s gol First, the money!”

Everyone gave what he had. The pieces clinked into
Emil’s cap. There was even one whole mark piece

there. It came from a very small boy named Dienstag.
He was so excited that he hopped from one foot to the
other, and he was allowed to count the money.

“Our capital amounts to five marks and seventy
pfennig,” he announced to his eager listeners. “The

79

“There, what do you say?” asked Gustav, his face all smiles.

best thing to do would be to divide the money between
three people, in case we have to separate.”

“Good,” said the Professor. He and Emil took two
marks apiece. Gustav got one mark, seventy pfennig.

“Thank you ever so much,” said Emil. “As soon as
we get him I'll pay you back. What do we do now?
First I'd rather take my bag and my flowers some place.
Because when the chase begins they'll be terribly in
my way.”

“Man, give me the stuff,” demanded Gustav. “Till
take it right over to the Café Josty, leave it at the
counter, and have a look at Mr. Thief at the same
time.”

“But watch your step,” called the Professor. “The
crook need not know that there are detectives on his
trail. That would make it harder to get him.”

“Do you think I'm loony?” grumbled Gustav and
started off.

“A fierce face for the pictures, the man has,” he re-
marked when he returned. “And the things are well
taken care of. We can get them when we want them.”

“Now it would be best for us to hold a council of
war, advised Emil. “But not here. It might be noticed.”

“We'll go to Nikolsburger Place,” decided the Pro-
fessor. “Two of us will stay here at the newsstand and
watch to see that the fellow doesn’t beat it. We'll ap-
point five or six as scouts, who will relay the news.
Then we'll come back on the hotfoot.”

81

ee
“Leave it to me,” called Gustav, and began imme-
diately to organize his intelligence men. “I will stay
here with the scouts,” he said to Emil, “don’t worry.
We won't let him get away. And you fellows speed up
a little. It’s a few minutes past seven already. All set,
now, and step on it.”

He appointed the scouts. And the others, with Emil
and the Professor in the lead, streamed off to Nikols-
burger Place.

82

Ninth Chapter

The Detectives Assemble

HEY SEATED THEMSELVES on two white benches

that stood on the grounds and on the low iron
railing surrounding the grassplot and looked solemn.

The boy who was called the Professor had apparently
been waiting for this day. He took off his spectacles and
waved them around as his father, the Judge, did as he
sketched out his program. “There is the possibility,”
he announced, “that we will have to separate, for prac-
tical reasons. Therefore we must have a central tele-
phone station. Which of you has a telephone?”

Twelve boys spoke up.

“And which one of you that owns a telephone has
the most sensible parents?”

“T guess I have,” sang out Dienstag.

83

“Your telephone number?”

“Bavaria 0579.”

“Here are pencil and paper. Krummbiegel, make
twenty slips and write Dienstag’s telephone number on
each one. But write clearly. And then give each one of
us a slip. The telephone central must always know
where the detectives are and what’s going on. And
whoever wants to get in touch will just call up little
Dienstag and get accurate information from him.”

“But I won't be at home,” said little Dienstag.

“Yes indeed, you will be at home,” retorted the Pro-
fessor. “As soon as we are through with this conference
you will go home and attend to the telephone.”

“But I'd much rather be around when the criminal is
caught. Little boys like me can be very useful at such
times.”

“You go home and stay by the telephone. That's a
very responsible position.”

“Well, all right, if you want me to.”

Krummbiegel distributed the slips of paper. And
each boy put his away carefully in his pocket. Several
of the most thorough learned the number by heart at
once.

“We ought to have some sort of reserves, too,” sug-
gested Emil.

“Of course. All who aren’t absolutely needed in the
hunt stay here in Nikolsburger Place. You'll take turns
in going home to tell them that probably you'll be very

84

late in coming home tonight. Some of you might say
that you are spending the night with a friend — so that
we will have substitutes and reserves if the chase lasts
till morning. Gustav, Krummbiegel, Arnold, Mitten-
zwey, his brother, and I will call up in the meanwhile
that we are staying out. Yes, and Traugott will go along
to the Dienstags’ as messenger and will run to Nikols-
burger Place if we need anyone. Then welll have the
detectives, the reserves, the telephone bureau, and the
messengers. Those are the most necessary departments,
for the time being.”

“We will need something to eat,” suggested Emil.
“Perhaps a few of you could go home and bring back
some sandwiches.”

“Who lives nearest?” asked the Professor. “Off with
you, Mittenzwey, Gerold, Friedrich the First, Brunot,
Zerlett. Scoot and bring back some eats.”

The five boys darted off.

“You blockheads, you rattle on all the time about
eating and telephones and sleeping out. But how you're
going to catch your man — that you don’t ever mention.
You — you — school — schoolteachers,” growled Trau-
gott. He couldn’t think of a deeper insult.

“Have you a machine for taking fingerprints?” asked
Petzold.

“Perhaps, if he was very sly, he wore rubber gloves.
And if so there would be nothing you could prove
against him.” Petzold has been to twenty-two detec-

85

cama sgt

tive-story movies, and you can see they had done him
no good.

“You're simply moth-eaten,” said Traugott, dis-
gusted. “They will just wait for the chance and take
back from him the money he swiped.”

“Nonsense, objected the Professor, “if we steal
money from him, we'll be the same sort of thieves that
he is.”

“Don't be funny,” cried Traugott. “If somebody
steals from me and I steal back I’m no thief.”

“Yes, you are too a thief,” the Professor decided.

“Applesauce,” murmured Traugott.

“The Professor is right,” Emil broke in. “If I take
anything from anybody secretly then I am a thief. And
it is all the same whether it belonged to him or whether
he had just stolen it from me.”

“That's exactly right,” said the Professor. “But please
do me the favor of not making wise speeches here
that don’t do any good. The business is all arranged.
How we are going to get the crook we can’t tell yet.
That we must plan out as we go along. One thing
is sure—that he must give back the money of his
own free will. To steal it would be idiotic.”

“That I don’t understand,” objected the little Diens-
tag. “I can’t steal what belongs to mel What’s mine is
mine, even if it is sticking in someone else’s pocket.”

“Those are differences that are hard to understand,”
expounded the Professor. “Morally, you are right, in

86

my opinion, but the Court will decide against you, just
the same. Even many grownups do not understand it,
but it is so.”

“It’s all the same to me,” said Traugott, and shrugged
his shoulders.

“And look sharp, now, can you act like a sleuth?”
asked Petzold. “Otherwise he'll turn around and see
you, and then goodnight!”

“Yes, it will take good sleuthing,” agreed little
Dienstag. “That’s why I thought you could use me. I
can sneak along wonderfully. And I would be a whiz
_as a kind of police dog. I can bark, too.”

“Yes, sneak along in Berlin so that no one will see
you, Emil was irritated. “If you want everyone to
look at you just begin to sneak along.”

“But you must have a revolver,” cried Petzold. He
wasn't to be squelched for his suggestions.

“You do need a revolver,’ agreed two or three others.

“No,” said the Professor.

“The thief surely has one.” Traugott wanted to bet
on it.

“This business is dangerous,” declared Emil, “and
anyone who is afraid had better go home to bed.”

“Do you mean to say that I'm a coward?” inquired
Traugott fiercely as he strode to the center like a pro-
fessional boxer.

“Order,” called the Professor, “thrash that out to-

87

— a

morrow. What sort of a performance is that? You be-
have just like — like children!”

“But that’s just what we are,” said little Dienstag,
and everybody had to laugh.

“I really ought to write my grandmother a note,”
said Emil, “because my relatives have no idea where I
am. They might even run to the police. Could anyone
take a letter for me while we are chasing the fellow?
They live at 15 Schumann Street. That would be very
kind!”

“Let me,” said a boy whose name was Bleuer. “But
write quickly, so that I can get there before the house
is closed. I'll go as far as the Oranienburger Gate on
the subway. Who will stake me?”

The Professor gave him money for the fare. Twenty
pennies for going and coming. Emil borrowed pencil
and paper and wrote:

Dear Grandmother:

You must be worrying about where I am. J am in Berlin.
But I’m sorry I can’t come right now because I have to
attend to some important business first. Don’t ask about it.
And don’t worry. When everything is settled, Ill be glad
to come along. The boy with the letter is a friend and
knows where I am. But he can’t tell you. Because it is an
official secret. Love to Uncle, Aunt, and Pony Hiitchen.

Your faithful grandson, Emi.

P.S. Mother sent her love. I have flowers for you, too.
You'll get them as soon as J bring them.

Then Emil wrote the address on the other side,
88

folded the paper together, and said, “But don’t you tell
any of my family where I am and that the money is
gone, or I'll be in hot water.”

“O.K. Emil,” said Bleuer. “Give me the telegram.
When I come back I'll ring little Dienstag’ to hear
what has happened meanwhile. And count me in on
the reserve staff.” Then he hurried off.

Meanwhile the five boys had returned with packages
of sandwiches. Gerold even brought along a whole
sausage. He had got it from his mother, he said. Well,
maybe.

The five had informed their families that they would
be away for a few hours more. Emil divided the sand-
wiches, and each put one away in reserve in his pocket.
Emil kept the sausage under his own care.

Then five other boys ran home to see if they, too,
might stay away a while longer. Two of them did not
return. Apparently their parents forbade it.

The Professor gave the password, so that they might
always know, if anyone came or telephoned, whether
he was one of them. The password was “Emil.” That
was easy to understand.

Then little Dienstag, with Traugott, the grumbling
messenger, went off, saving, “Well, hope you choke,
boys.” The Professor called after him to go to his house
and tell his father that he had important business to
attend to. “Then he'll be relieved and have nothing
against it,” he added.

89

-

“My word!” said Emil, “but there are splendid par-
ents in Berlin.”

“Don't imagine that they are all so nice,” said
Krummbiegel, and scratched himself behind his ears.

“Oh well, the average one is all right,” answered the
Professor. “It is the most sensible way to be. This way
we don’t lie to them. I’ve promised my parents not to
do anything that’s wrong or dangerous. And as long as
I keep my word, I can do what I want to. He is a splen-
did fellow, my father.”

“Simply great!” repeated Emil. “But listen, perhaps
it will be dangerous today.”

“Well, then, it’s off with the permission,” admitted
the Professor and shrugged his shoulders. “He said
that I should always see to it that I behave just as if
he were with me. And I'm doing that today. So now
well cut off.”

He planted himself before the band and called out,
“The detectives expect you to do your duty. The tele-
phone central is established. I'll leave my money with
you. There is still a mark, fifty pennies. Here, Gerold,
take it and count it. Provisions are here. Money we
have. Everybody knows the telephone number. One
more thing: whoever has to go home, beat it. But at
least five people must stay. Gerold, you must be respon-
sible for that. Show that you are real boys. Meanwhile
well do our best. When we need substitutes little

90

Dienstag will send Traugott to us. Has anyone another

question? Is everything clear? Password, Emil!”
“Password, Emil!” shouted the boys so that Nikols-

burger Place shook, and the passers-by looked daggers.
Emil was almost happy that his money had been

stolen from him.

91

ee
Tenth Chapter

A Taxi Is Trailed

HREE OF THE STAFF RUNNERS came storming out of
Trautenau Street, brandishing their arms about
wildly.

“Off!” said the Professor, and on the second he,
Emil, the Mittenzwey boys, and Krummbiegel ran
toward Kaiser Avenue as if they were trying to break
the record for the hundred-yard dash. The last twelve
yards to the newsstand they took very carefully, and
held back, because Gustav motioned to them to stop.

“Too late?” asked Emil out of breath.

“Are you crazy, man?” whispered Gustav. “When
I do anything I do it right.”

The thief was standing across the street in front of
the Café Josty, looking around at the view as if he

92

were in Switzerland. Presently he bought an evening
paper from the newsboy and began to read.

“If he comes across and runs into us now,” mur-
mured Krummbiegel, “it will be a nasty business.”

They stood behind the newsstand, craning their
necks around the side, and trembled with excitement.

The thief took not the slightest notice, but turned
the pages of his paper with admirable perserverance.

“He must be squinting over the edge, though, to see
if anyone is spying on him,” Mittenzwey the older de-
cided.

“Has he looked over toward you often?” asked the
Professor.

“Not a blink. He gobbled as if he hadn’t eaten for
three days.”

“Attention!” called Emil.

The man in the stiff hat folded up his paper, glanced
over the passers-by, and then like lightning beckoned
to an empty taxi that was passing. The taxi stopped,
the man got in, and the taxi rolled off.

But presto, there sat the boys in another taxi, and
Gustav was saying to the driver: “Do you see that car
that’s just turning into Prager Place? Yes? Drive be-
hind it, please. But be careful, so that he won't notice.”
The car started up, crossed Kaiser Avenue, and
traveled along at a safe distance behind the other taxi.

“What's up?” asked the chauffeur.

“The fellow ahead there pulled a raw one, and we're

93

re

sticking to him like burrs,” explained Gustav. “But
that’s just between ourselves, understand?”

“Just as you gentlemen wish,” answered the chauf-
feur, and inquired further: “But have you any money?”

“What do you take us for?” called the Professor
reproachfully.

“Oh well,” grumbled the man.

“T A. 3733 is his number,” Emil informed them.

“That's important,” decided the Professor, and made
a note of the figures.

“Not too near to the fellow,” warned Krummbiegel.

“All right,” mumbled the chauffeur.

So they went down Motz Street, down Viktoria-
Luise Place and on down Motz Street again. Some
people stopped on the sidewalk and laughed at the
strange company of gentlemen in the taxi.

“Duck,” whispered Gustav. The boys threw them-
selves on the floor of the cab and lay huddled together
like cabbages and turnips.

“What's the matter?” asked the Professor.

“There's a red light at Luther Street, man! You've
got to stop there, and the other car won't get across,
either.”

Sure enough, both cars stopped and waited, one be-
hind the other, until the green light came on and gave
the right of way again. But no one could have told that
the second car was occupied. It seemed empty. The
boys crouched down to give it that appearance. The

04

chauffeur turned around, saw the performance, and
had to laugh. As the car drove on they all bobbed up
cautiously again.

“Tf only the trip doesn’t last too long,” said the Pro-
fessor, as he inspected the meter. “This joy ride has
cost eighty pfennigs already.”

The journey was even then coming to an end. At
Nollendorf Place the first taxi stopped right in front
of the Hotel Kreid. The second car put on its brakes at
the same moment and waited outside the danger zone
for whatever might happen next.

The man in the stiff hat got out, paid his fare, and
disappeared into the hotel.

“Gustav, after him!” commanded the Professor anx-
iously. “If that place has two entrances he is off.”
Gustav vanished.

Then the other boys got out. Emil paid. It cost one
mark. The Professor led his followers through a gate
leading past a movie theater into a great courtyard that
stretched behind the theater to Nollendorf Place. Then
he sent Krummbiegel out to catch Gustav.

“Lucky for me if the guy stays in the hotel,” decided
Emil. “This courtyard makes a wonderful head-
quarters.”

“With all the modern conveniences,” added the Pro-
fessor, “subway station over there, telephone booths,
and places to hide. It couldn't be better.”

“Hope Gustav will get out of it all right,” said Emil.

95
“Trust him,” answered Mittenzwey the younger.
“He’s not as dumb as he looks.”

“If only he’d come soon,” worried the Professor, and
seated himself in a chair that had been left in the
courtyard. He looked like Napoleon before the Battle
of Leipzig.

And then Gustav came back.

“We've got him!” he said, and rubbed his hands
together. “He is really staying in the hotel. J saw the
elevator boy take him upstairs. There isn’t any other
entrance, either. I looked the joint over from all sides.
If he doesn’t go off over the roof, he is trapped.”

“Krummbiegel is keeping watch?” asked the Pro-
fessor.

“Of course, man!”

Then Mittenzwey the elder got a nickel, ran into a
café, and telephoned little Dienstag.

“Hello! Dienstag?”

“Yes, speaking,” crowed little Dienstag at the other
end.

“Password, Emil. This is Mittenzwey, senior. The
man in the stiff hat is staying at Hotel Kreid in Nollen-
dorf Place. The headquarters is located in the court-
yard of the West movie, the left entrance.”

Little Dienstag noted it all down conscientiously,
repeated it, and then asked, “Do you need any rein-

forcements, Mittenzwey?”
“No!”

96

Litile Dienstag noted it all down conscientiously.

a
“Was it hard up to now?”

“Oh, so so. The guy took a taxi, and we took another,
you understand, and kept right behind him until he got
out. He's taken a room and is up there now. Probably
looking to see who's under the bed and playing skat
with himself.”

“What's the room number?”

“We don’t know yet. But we'll get it soon.”

“How I wish I were there with you! Do you know,
the first time after vacation that we can choose our own
theme subjects I'm going to write it up.”

“Any of the others called up yet?”

“No, no one. It makes me sick.”

“Well, so long, little Dienstag.”

“Success to you, gentlemen. What else did I want to
say? . . . Password, Emil!”

“Password, Emil,” replied Mittenzwey, and reported
back to headquarters in the courtyard of the West
movie. It was already eight o'clock. The Professor
went to check up on the guard.

“We won't get him today, that’s sure,” said Gustav
fretfully.

“Still, it will be lucky for us if he goes right to bed,”
Emil explained. “For if he runs around for hours more
in an auto and goes to restaurants, or to dance, or to the
theater, or all together, we'll have to dig up a little
foreign credit beforehand.”

The Professor came back, sent the two Mittenzweys

98

as communication men to Nollendorf Place, and was
very preoccupied. “We must plan some way to keep
a closer watch on the man,” he said. “Everybody think
hard, please.”

So they all sat for a long time and pondered heavily.

Just then a bell tinkled through the yard, and into
the court rolled a small nickel-plated bicycle. Seated
upon it was a small girl, and doing the pedaling was
Comrade Bleuer. They both sang out, “Hurrah!”

Emil jumped up, helped them both off the bike,
shook hand enthusiastically with the little girl, and
announced to the others, “This is my cousin, Pony
Hiitchen.”

The Professor politely offered his chair to Pony, and
she seated herself.

“There now Emil, you villain,” she said. “Come to
Berlin and immediately act like a movie. We were just
going back to the Friedrichstrasse Station to meet the
next train for Neustadt when your friend Bleuer
came with the note. A nice boy, too. Congratulations.”

Bleuer stuck out his chest and blushed.

“Now then,” continued Pony. “Mother and Father
and Grandmother are waiting at home, having brain-
storms trying to figure out what really is the matter
with you. Of course, we didn’t tell them anything. I
just stopped Bleuer in front of the house and skipped
off a little while. But I must go right back home, or
else they'll be calling the police. Because another child

99

lost on the self-same day — that would be more than
their nerves could stand.”

“Here is the groschen® for the return trip,” said
Bleuer, very proud. “We saved it.” The Professor put
the money away.

“Were they cross?” asked Emil.

“Not a bit,” answered Pony. “Grandmother galloped
around the room crying, ‘Grandson Emil has just gone
to make a call on the President, until Mother and
Father quieted her down. But you'll have the guy by
tomorrow, I hope? Who is your Sherlock Holmes?”

“Here,” said Emil, “that is the Professor.”

“So pleased, Professor,” declared Pony, “to meet a
real detective at last.”

The Professor laughed sheepishly and stuttered a
few unintelligible words.

“And now,” said Pony, “here is my pocket money —
fifty-five pfennigs. Buy yourself some cigars.”

Emil took the money. Pony sat like the queen of
beauty on her throne, and the boys stood around her
like the judges.

“And now I must make myself scarce,” said Pony
Hiitchen. “Tl be here early tomorrow. Where are you
going to sleep? Gee, but I'd like to stay here and make
your coffee in the morning. But what can you do? A
woman’s place is in the home. So long. See you later,
gentlemen. Good night, Emill”

° A ten-pfennig piece.

100

She gave Emil a clap on the shoulder, jumped on her
bike, tinkled the bell gaily, and rolled away.

The detectives stood for some time, speechless.

Finally the Professor opened his mouth and said,
“Great gosh!”

And the others agreed heartily.

Eleventh Chapter

A Spy Slips into
the Hotel

IME PASSED SLOWLY. Emil visited the three out-

posts and wanted to relieve one of them. But
Krummbiegel and the two Mittenzweys announced
that they were staying. Whereupon Emil ventured
very cautiously to the Hotel Kreid, picked up the
latest bulletins, and returned to the courtyard in great
excitment.

“I have the feeling,” he said, “that something must
be done. We can’t leave the hotel all night without any-
one to watch. To be sure, Krummbiegel is standing at
the corner of Kleist Street. But he only has to turn his
head, and Grundeis can go flying off in the other
direction.”

“That is all very well,” returned Gustav. “But we
102

can’t just run to the porter and say, “Listen, we're just
going to sit here on these steps.’ And you yourself
certainly can’t go into the building. If the guy should
poke his head out of his door and recognize you, the
whole performance so far would be no good.”

“That isn’t what I meant,” answered Emil.

“What then?”

“Well, there’s a boy in the hotel. The one who runs
the elevator and such. If one of us should go to him
and tell him what’s up — he knows the hotel like his
own vest pocket. He'll surely have a good idea.”

“Good,” said the Professor, “that’s fine.” He had a
comical habit of acting as though he were giving out
marks to the others. That was why he was called the
Professor.

“This Emil ~ another hunch like that, and we'll make
him the mayor. As smart as a Berliner,” cried Gustav.

“Don’t imagine that you're the only smart ones!” Emil
was emphatic. He felt his pride in Neustadt wounded.

“Anyway, we still have a fight to finish.”

“What for?” asked the Professor.

“Well, he made fun of my best suit.”

“The fight can come off tomorrow,” the Professor de-
cided, “tomorrow or not at all.”

“Oh, the suit isn’t so bad. I’m getting used to it,”
Gustav declared good-naturedly. “But we can fight any-
way. Only you might as well take notice that I am the
champion of the gang. So watch out!”

103

es

“And in school I am the best of any weight,” boasted
Emil.

“It’s terrible the way you brag of your muscles,” said
the Professor. “I'd really like to go over into the hotel
myself. But I can’t leave you two alone a minute, be-
cause you always start a fight.”

“Then I'll gol” broke in Gustav.

“Right,” said the Professor, “you go! And talk to the
boy. But be carefull Perhaps something can be done.
Find out for sure what room the fellow is in. In an
hour come back and bring the information.”

Gustav vanished.

The Professor and Emil packed back and forth before
the door and talked to each other about their teachers.
Then the Professor picked out the differences between
the German and foreign license plates that went by
until Emil understood a little about them. And then
they thoughtfully ate a sandwich together.

By this time it was dark. Electric ads flamed every-
where. The elevated thundered overhead. The subway
rumbled beneath. Streetcars and motorbuses, private
cars and motorcycles, made a crazy concert. Dance
music came from the Woerz Café. The movie theater
on Nollendorf Place began its last show. And many
people crowded in.

“Such a big tree as that over by the station looks like
a freak here,” mused Emil. “It looks as if it had lost its
way.” The boy was enchanted and thrilled. And he

104

almost forgot why he was there and that he had lost a
hundred and forty marks.

“Of course, Berlin is wonderful. You'd think you
were sitting in a movie. But I’m not sure whether I'd
want to live here always. In Neustadt we have an
Upper Market and a Lower Market and a Station
Square! And the playgrounds by the river and in Amsel
Park. That is all. But still, Professor, I believe it is
enough for me. Always such a holiday racket, always
a hundred thousand streets and squares? I'd be lost
all the time. Imagine if I didn’t have you with me and
were standing here all alonel It gives me the creeps to
think of it.”

“You get used to it,” answered the Professor. “Prob-
ably I couldn't stand it in Neustadt, with its three
squares and its Amsel Park.”

“You get used to it,” said Emil, “but Berlin is a
great sight. No doubt of it, Professor. Wonderful.”

“Is your mother really very strict?” asked the Berlin
boy.

“My mother?” asked Emil. “Not a bit of it. She lets
me do everything. But I don’t. You understand?”

“No,” the Professor said frankly, “I don’t under-
stand.”

“No? Well, then, I'll tell you. Have your people
much money?”

“T don’t know about that. We don’t talk much about
it at home.”

105

—

“I guess, when people don’t talk much about it, it
means they have plenty of it.”

The Professor considered a moment and then ad-
mitted, “That is quite likely.”

“You see. We often talk about it, my mother and I.
We have very little. And she has to keep on earning,
and still there’s hardly ever enough to make both ends
meet. But when we have a class excursion my mother
gives me just as much money as any of the other boys
get. Sometimes even more.”

“How can she, though?”

“That I don’t know. But she can. And then I bring
half of it back.”

“Does she want you to?”

“Silly! I want tol”

“Uhuh!” said the Professor. “That’s the way it is.”

“Yes, just like that. And if she lets me go out into the
country with Prétzsch, who lives upstairs, and stay un-
til nine o'clock, I come back by seven because I don’t
want her to sit in the kitchen and eat her supper alone.
Of course she wanted me to stay with the others. And
I tried it, too. But it wasn’t any fun. Anyway inside she
is glad that I come home early.”

“Uhm,” said the Professor, “it’s entirely different at
our house. If I really come home on time I can bet
that they'll be at the theater or invited out somewhere.
We like each other all right. I must say that. But we
don’t make any fuss about it.”

106

“That is the only thing we can afford. But that
doesn’t make me a mamma’s baby, not by a long shot.
And if anybody doesn’t believe that, Il smash him
against the wall. That’s very simple to understand.”

“I do understand.”

The two boys stood for a while in the gateway with-
out speaking. Night came. And the moon peeped with
one eye over the elevated.

The Professor cleared his throat and asked without
looking at the other, “You're pretty fond of each other,
aren't you?”

“Frightfully,” answered Emil.

107

ae

Twelfth Chapter

A Green Elevator Boy
Bursts from His Cocoon

BOUT TEN O'CLOCK a detachment of the guard
A appeared in the courtyard, brought along enough
sandwiches to feed a hundred hungry men, and asked
for further orders.

The Professor was much annoyed and explained that
they had no business there at all, but should have
waited at Nikolsburger Place for Traugott, the mes-
senger from the telephone bureau.

“Don't get so mad!” said Petzold. “Naturally we are
simply curious to know how things look here with
you.”

“And besides, we thought something had happened
to you because Traugott never showed up,” Gerold
added apologetically.

108

“How many are there still at Nikolsburger Place?”
asked Emil.

“Four. Or rather three,” Friedrich the First cor-
rected himself.

“There might even be only two,” added Gerold.

“Don’t ask them again,” cried the Professor angrily,
“or they'll say next that there’s nobody there at all,
now.”

“For heaven's sake, don’t shout so,” said Petzold. “I
don’t give a hoot for being ordered around by you.”

“I move that Petzold be thrown out at once and that
he is forbidden to take any further part in the chase,”
stormed the Professor, and stamped his foot.

“T'm sorry that you two get mad at each other on my
account,” said Emil. “We ought to vote like the senate.
I move that Petzold just be given strict warning.
Because, naturally, it isn’t possible for each one of us to
do just what he wants.”

“Think you're smart, don’t you, you pigs. I’m going
anyhow, if you want to know.” Then Petzold added
something terribly impolite and left.

“It was all his idea. Otherwise we certainly wouldn't
have come here,” Gerold told them. “And Zerlett
stayed back in the Reserve headquarters.”

“Not another word about Petzold,” commanded the
Professor, and already he was talking quite calmly
again. He took a firm grip on himself. “Dismissed.”

109
“And now what becomes of us?” questioned Fried-
rich the First.

“Tt would be best for you to wait until Gustav comes
back from the hotel and makes a report,” Emil
proposed.

“Good,” said the Professor. “Isn't that the bellboy,
there?”

“Yes, there he is,” agreed Emil.

In the gateway stood a boy in a green livery with a
rakish green cap at just the right angle on his head.
He waved to the others and slowly strolled nearer.

“He’s got a swell uniform, by thunder,” said Gerold
enviously.

“Do you bring news of our spy Gustav?” called the
Professor.

The boy was by this time quite close. He nodded and
said, “Yes, indeed.”

“All right, what’s happened?” asked Emil eagerly.

Suddenly a horn tooted, and the green boy jumped
around as if he'd lost his senses — laughing all the
while.

“Emil, man!” he called, “but you are dumb!”

Of course, it wasn’t the bellboy at all, but Gustav
himself.

“You green rascal!” scolded Emil jokingly.

Then the others laughed too, until someone in one
of the houses on the court opened a window and
shouted, “Quiet, down there!”

110

“Magnificent!” said the Professor. “But quieter,
gentlemen. Come here, Gustav, sit down and tell us
all about it.”

“Man, it’s as good as a movie. It’s enough to make a
cat laugh. Well, then, listen! I slunk into the hotel, saw
the bellboy standing around, and gave him the high
sign. He came over to me, and I told him the whole
story straight from A to Z. About Emil. And about us.
And about the thief. And that he was staying at the
hotel. And that we had to look sharp so that we could
get the money off him again tomorrow.

““Fine!’ said the boy. ‘I have another uniform. You
‘put it on and make a second bellboy.’

““But what will the head porter say about that?
He'll surely tattle,’ I answered.

““He won’t tell on us — he'll let us,’ he said, ‘because
the porter is my father.’

“What he told his old man, I don’t know. Anyway,
I got the uniform. I can sleep in one of the empty serv-
ants’ rooms and even bring someone else with me.
Now, what do you say?”

“In what room is the thief staying?” asked the Pro-
fessor.

“A fellow can’t ever get a rise out of you, can he?”
said Gustav disgruntled. “Naturally, I have no work to
do. I must keep out of the way. The boy guessed that
the thief was rooming in Number 61. So I ran up to the
third story and played spy. So as not to attract any

lil

Pe —

attention, you understand. Waited behind banisters,
and so on. After about half an hour, sure enough, the
door of 61 opened. And who came bustling out? Our
Mr. Thief. I had looked him over this afternoon. It was
our man, all right. Little black mustache, ears that the
moon could shine through, and a face that I wouldn’t
take as a gift. As he came down the hall I rolled out in
front of his legs, stood at attention, and asked him, “Are
you looking for anything, sir?’

““No,’ he said. ‘I don’t need anything. Or, wait a
minute! You can tell the clerk to call me at eight
o'clock sharp tomorrow morning. Room 61. Don’t for-
get!’
““No, you can depend on it, sir,’ I said, and pinched
myself in the pants I was so excited. ‘I won't forget.
At eight o'clock sharp the telephone bell will ring in
Room 61.’ They call people by telephone. He nodded
quietly and drifted back to his room.”

“Excellent!” The Professor was tremendously
pleased, and the others too.

“At eight o'clock he'll have a bodyguard waiting
for him at the hotel. Then the chase will go on. And
then he'll be trapped.”

“He is just as good as settled now,” called Gerold.

“Please omit flowers,” said Gustav. “And now I'l
chase off. I must put a letter in the box for Number 12.
A ten-cent tip. It’s a profitable job. The bellboy gets
as much as ten marks a day. So he says! Now then,

112

EE —— ——— nee

about seven o'clock I'll get up and take care that this
guy is waked on the dot. And then I'll come back here.”

“Good boy, Gustav, I’m grateful to you,” said Emil
solemnly. “Now nothing more can happen. Tomor-
row he'll be caught. And now we can all go to sleep in
peace, can’t we, Professor?”

“Certainly. Everybody digs out and goes to bed. And
tomorrow morning, eight o'clock sharp, all those pres-
ent be back here. Anybody who can drag out some
money, do it. I'll call up little Dienstag now. He can
round up the others as reserves when they call him in
the morning. We may have to corral the man. You
never can tell.”

“Tl go with Gustav to sleep in the hotel,” said Emil.

“Let's go, man! It will suit you right down to the
ground. It’s superb!”

“Tll telephone first,” planned the Professor. “Then
Tl go home too and send Zerlett home. Otherwise he'll
wait till morning at Nikolsburger Place for further
orders. Is everything clear?”

“Yes, indeed, Mr. Chief of Police,” laughed Emil.

“Tomorrow, here in the court, at eight sharp,” said
Gerold.

“Bring a little money,” reminded Friedrich the
First.

They separated. First they all shook hands solemnly.
Some marched home. Gustav and Emil went into the

113

hotel. The Professor crossed over Nollendorf Place to
telephone little Dienstag from the Café Hahnen.

And an hour later they were all asleep. Most of them
in their beds. Two in a servant’s room on the fourth

floor of the Hotel Kreid.
And one at the telephone in his father’s armchair.

That was little Dienstag. He did not desert his post.
Traugott had gone home. But little Dienstag didn’t
stir from the telephone. He huddled down in the
cushions and slept and dreamed of four million tele-
phone conversations.

At midnight his parents came home from the theater.
They were surprised to find their son in the armchair.

His mother picked him up and carried him to bed.
He cuddled down and murmured in his sleep. “Pass-
word, Emil!”

114

Thirteenth Chapter

Herr Grundeis Acquires
a Guard of Honor

HE WINDOWS OF ROOM 61 overlooked Nollendorf
Place. And next morning Herr Grundeis noticed,
as he was combing his hair, that there seemed to be
countless children wandering around there. At least
two dozen small boys were playing football before
the grassplot in the center of the square. Ariother
group stood on Kleist Street. Children were standing
by the entrance to the subway.

“Evidently a holiday,” he grumbled as he put on his
tie,

Meanwhile the Professor was holding a business
meeting in the theater court and scolding like an Eng-
lish sparrow.

“Here I crack my brains day and night on how to

115

catch the man, and you blockheads meanwhile mobil-
ize the whole of Berlin. Perhaps we need an audience?
Maybe we're making a movie? If the fellow slips
through our clutches it will be your fault, you gossip-
ing old maids!”

The others stood patiently in a circle, but did not
seem to feel any serious twinges of conscience. They
were not worried, and Gerold said, “Don’t get excited,
Professor, we'll get the thief one way or another.”

“Oh, get out, you silly nutcrackers! And see to it that
the crowd doesn’t spread itself all over the map and
that it doesn’t watch the hotel. Get that? Forward,
march|”

The boys moved away, and only the detectives re-
mained in the courtyard.

“I borrowed ten marks from the porter,” Emi] in-
formed them. “If the man bolts we'll have money
enough to follow him.”

“Just send those children out there home again,” ad-
vised Krummbiegel.

“And do you really think they'd go? If Nollendorf
Place should burst, they'd stay!” said the Professor.

“Only one thing will help us,” announced Emil. “We
must change our plan. We can’t surround Grundeis
with secret spies — instead we must simply hunt him
down. So that he'll notice it. From all sides and with
all the children.”

“T’ve already thought of that too,” declared the Pro-

116

fessor. “We had best change our tactics and drive him
into a corner until he has to give himself up.”

“Marvelous,” shouted Gerold.

“He would much rather give the money back than
have a hundred children running and shrieking around
him for hours till the whole city turns out and the
police grab him,” decided Emil.

The others nodded wisely. Just then a bell sounded
in the gateway, and Pony Hiitchen rode beaming
into the courtyard.

“Good morning, detectives,” she called, jumped off
her saddle, greeted Cousin Emil, the Professor, and
the others, and then produced a little basket that she
had tied to the handlebars. “I've brought you coffee,”
she crowed, “and a few buttered rolls. I even have a
clean cup. Oh, the handle is off! Something always
goes wrong!”

Now the boys had all had breakfast. Even Emil in
the Hotel Kreid. But no one wanted to hurt the little
girl’s feelings. So they drank coffee and milk out of
the cup without a handle and ate rolls as if they had
had nothing for four weeks.

“Umm —that tastes wonderful!” called Krumm-
biegel.

“And how crisp the rolls are!” mumbled the Pro-
fessor, chewing loyally.

“Isn't that so?” asked Pony. “Yes, it is always a bit
different when there is a woman in the housel”

117

“In the courtyard,” corrected Gerold.

“How are things in Schumann Street?” asked Emil.

“All right, thanks. And a special message from
Grandmother. You’d better come soon, or as a punish-
ment you'll have to eat fish every day.”

“Oh, the dickens,” murmured Emil and made a face.

“Why, the dickens?” Mittenzwey the younger
wanted to know. “Fish is good.” Everybody looked at
him with amazement, as it was his habit never to say
a word. At that his face got fiery red, and he hid
himself behind his big brother.

“Emil can’t eat a bite of fish. If he tries it he has to
leave the room,” Pony Hiitchen explained.

So they chatted and were all in a very good humor.
The boys were especially polite. The Professor held
Pony’s bike. Krummbiegel went to wash out the
thermos bottle and the cup. Mittenzwey, senior, folded
up the lunch paper very carefully. Emil fastened the
basket back on the handlebars. Gerold tested the tires
to see if there was enough air in them. And Pony
Hiitchen hopped around the courtyard, sang a song to
herself, and told them all sorts of things meanwhile.

“Wait!” she cried suddenly and halted on one foot.
“I have to ask you something. Why are there so fright-
fully many children out on Nollendorf Place? It looks
like a vacation camp.”

“They are inquisitive. They have heard about our

118

criminal hunt. And now they want to be in on it,”
explained the Professor.

Just then Gustav came running toward the gate,
honked loudly, and shouted, “Quick! He’s coming!”
Everybody tried to get out at once.

“Attention: listen,’ shouted the Professor. “Well
surround him on all sides. Children behind him, chil-

dren before him, children, left and right! Is that clear?
Further orders we'll give as we go. March out!”

They leaped, ran, and stumbled out of the gate. Pony
Hiitchen alone stayed behind, feeling a little bit
offended. But then she swung herself onto her tiny
nickel-plated bike, muttering like her own grand-
mother, “I don’t like the looks of this! I don’t like the
looks of this,” and followed after the boys.

The man in the stiff hat came to the hotel door,
walked slowly down the steps, and turned right toward
Kleist Street. The Professor, Emil, and Gustav hur-
ried their messengers here and there among the various
groups of children. And three minutes later Herr
Grundeis was surrounded.

He looked about on all sides, utterly bewildered.
The youngsters were talking, laughing, jostling one
another, and keeping step with him. Many of them
stared at the man until he became embarrassed and
looked straight ahead again.

Ssst! a ball flew right by his head. He jumped and
quickened his pace. But immediately the children

119

walked just as much faster. He tried to turn off sud-
denly into a side street. But another troop of youngsters
came streaming after him.

“Man, he has a face —as if he wanted to sneeze,”
called Gustav.

“Run a little ahead of me,” advised Emil. “He ought
not to recognize me yet. He'll be up against that soon
enough.”

Gustav threw back his shoulders and strode before
Emil like a boxer who is so muscle-bound he can hardly
move. Pony Hiitchen rode alongside the procession and
tinkled her bell happily.

The man in the stiff hat was noticeably nervous. He
had a dark foreboding of what was coming to him, and
he strode along with giant steps. But it was of no use.
He could not escape his enemies.

Suddenly he stopped stock-still, as if nailed to the
spot, turned around, and ran back down the street he
had just come up. The assembled children turned too,
and the order of march was continued in the opposite
direction.

Then a small boy — it was Krummbiegel — ran across
in front of the man so that he stumbled.

“What's the matter with you, you young jacka-
napes?” he shouted, “I am going to call the police at
once.”

“Oh yeh, please dol” jeered Krummbiegel. “We've
been waiting for that a long time. Just call them up!”

120

Herr Grundeis had no idea of calling them — quite
the contrary. The situation was growing more uncom-
fortable for him every minute. He began to have un-
mistakable fears, and he did not know which way to
turn. Already people were looking out of all the win-
dows. Already the shopgirls were running out in front
of the shops with their customers and asking what was
happening. If a policeman should come now it would
be all up with him.

Then the thief had an inspiration. He noticed a
branch of the Commercial and Private Bank. He broke
through the chain of children, hurried up to the door,
and disappeared.

The Professor sprang to the door and yelled, “Gus-
tav and I follow him. Emil stays here meanwhile.
When Gustav honks, things can start. Then Emil comes
in with ten boys. Hunt for the right ones meanwhile,
Emil. It’s going to be a ticklish business.”

Then Gustav and the Professor vanished through
the door.

Emil’s ears drummed with his heartbeats. Now the
affair must be settled. He called Krummbiegel, Gerold,
the Mittenzwey brothers, and a few others, and ordered
that the rest should scatter.

The children retreated a few steps from the bank
building, but not far. They would not miss on any ac-
count what was about to happen.

121

—_

Pony Hiitchen asked a boy to hold her bike and
stepped up to Emil.

“Here I am,” she said. “Head high. It’s getting seri-
ous now. Goodness, I’m as nervous as a witch!”

“Do you think perhaps I'm not?” queried Emil.

122

Fourteenth Chapter

Pins Have Their
Good Points Too

HEN GUSTAV AND THE Proressor entered the

bank, the man in the stiff hat was already stand-
ing at a cage on which was a sign, “Paying and Receiv-
ing Teller.” He was waiting impatiently for his tum to
come. The bank clerk was telephoning.

The Professor took up his stand near the thief and
watched like a hunting dog. Gustav stood behind the
man and had his hand in his pocket all ready to honk
his horn.

Then the cashier came to the window and asked the
Professor what he wanted.

“Thank you,” he said, “this gentleman was here be-
fore me.”

“What do you wish?” the cashier asked Herr Grund-
eis.

123

“Will you please change a hundred-mark note for
two fifties and give me forty marks in silver,” asked the
latter as he reached into his pocket and laid a hundred-
mark note and two twenties on the counter.

The cashier took the three notes and turned with
them to his cash drawer.

“One moment!” cried the Professor loudly. “That
money is stolen!”

“Whaaat?” asked the bank clerk, astonished, and
turned about. His colleagues who occupied other of-
fices, working at their mental arithmetic, stopped work-
ing and poked up their heads as if a snake had bitten
them.

“That money does not belong to this man at all. He
stole it from a friend of mine, and now he wants to
change it so that no one can prove it,” declared the
Professor.

“Such impudence I've never met in all my whole
life,” said Herr Grundeis. Then he turned back to the
cashier: “Pardon me!” and gave the Professor a ringing
box on the ear.

“That will not change the affair in the least,” de-
clared the Professor, as he gave Grundeis in return
such a sound punch that the man had to hang onto
the counter. And now Gustav honked three times,
frightfully loud. The bank clerks all jumped up, con-
sumed with curiosity, and ran to the cashier's cage. The

124

vice-president, head of the deposit department, came
storming out of his office.

And through the door came ten boys on the run,
Emil in the lead, and surrounded the man with the stiff
hat.

“What in thunderation is the matter with the young
imps?” cried the vice-president.

“The young imps think that I stole from one of them
the money that I just gave to your cashier to change
for me,” answered Herr Grundeis, trembling with rage.

“That's just what it is!” called Emil, and sprang up
to the cage. “A hundred-mark note and two twenty-
mark notes he stole from me. Yesterday afternoon. On
the train from Neustadt to Berlin. While I was asleep!”

“Can you prove that?” asked the cashier sternly.

“I have been in Berlin for a week, and yesterday was
in the city from morning till night,” said the thief, and
laughed politely.

“What a dirty lie!” shouted Emil, and almost wept
with rage.

“Can you prove that this is the man who sat with you
in the train?” asked the vice-president.

“OF course he can’t do that,” said the thief carelessly.

“Because if you say you were alone with him on the
train, then you have no witnesses,” remarked one of the
onlookers. And Emil’s comrades looked worried.

“No!” cried Emil. “No, I have too a witness. It’s Frau
Jakob from Gross-Griiiau. She sat in the compartment

125

at first and got out later. And she told me to take her
very best regards to Herr Kurzhals in Neustadt.”

“It looks as though you'd have to produce an alibi,”
said the head of the deposit department to the thief.
“Can you do that?”

“Naturally,” he declared. “T live over at the Hotel
Kreid ——”

“But only since last night,” cried Gustav. “I got my-
self in there as elevator boy, and I know, man!”

The bank clerks smiled at that and began to be more
interested in the boys.

“For the present we had best keep the money here,
Herr ——” said the vice-president, and tore off a memo-
randum slip on which to write his name and address.

“Grundeis is his name!” called Emil.

The man in the stiff hat laughed out loud and said,
“There, you see there must be a mistake. My name is
Miiller.”

“Oh, how well he lies! He told me in the train that
his name was Grundeis,” cried Emil, furious.

“Have you identification papers?” asked the cashier.

“Unfortunately, not with me,” answered the thief.
“But if you will just wait a minute I'll bring them over
from the hotel.”

“The fellow is just lying. And it is my money. And I
must have it back,” cried Emil.

“But even if that’s true, my boy,” explained the
cashier, “it isn’t as simple as all that. How can you

126

prove that the money is yours? Is your name on it, per-
haps? Or did you write down the numbers on the
notes?”

“Of course not,” said Emil. “Who thinks that he’s
going to be robbed? But anyway, it is my money, do
you hear? And my mother gave it to me for my grand-
mother, who lives here at 15 Schumann Street.”

“Was there a corer torn on one of the notes, or some-
thing else that wasn’t just as usual?”

“No, I don’t know.”

“Really, my good sirs, I declare, on my honor, the
money is mine. I wouldn't rob small children, would
I?” asked the thief.

“Wait!” shouted Emil, and suddenly he was so happy
that he jumped for joy. “Wait! In the train I fastened
the notes into my coat with a pin. So there must be pin-
holes in the notes.”

The cashier held the notes up to the light. The others
held their breath.

The thief took a step back. The vice-president
drummed nervously on the counter.

“The boy is right,” cried the cashier, pale with ex-
citement. “There are actually pinholes in the notes.”

“And here is the pin, besides,” said Emil, and laid
the pin proudly on the counter. “I pricked myself, too.”

At that the thief turned like lightning, shoved the
children right and left so that they fell over one an-

127

other, ran across the room, tore open the door, and was
off.

“After him!” shouted the vice-president.

Everybody ran for the door.

When they got to the street, they found the thief al-
ready hemmed in by at least twenty small boys. They
held onto his legs. They hung on his arms. They pulled
at his coat. He threshed around as if he were crazy, but
the children did not loosen their hold.

And then came a policeman on the run, whom Pony
Hiitchen had brought with her little bicycle. And the
vice-president asked him earnestly to arrest the man
that was named Grundeis as well as Miiller, as appar-
ently he was a train thief.

The cashier asked for time off, took the money and
the pin, and went with them. Well, it was a funny pro-
cession. The policeman, the bank clerk, the thief in the
middle, and after them ninety or a hundred children!
So they streamed to the station house.

Pony Hiitchen rode near by on her little nickel-
plated bike, waved to the elated Emil, and called,
“Emil, my boy! I'll hurry home and tell them the whole
story.”

The boy nodded back and said, “Tl be home for
lunch! Give them my love!”

Pony called again, “Do you know what you look
like? Like a big school picnic!” Then she curved around
the corner, ringing loudly.

128

Fifteenth Chapter

Emil Visits Police
Headquarters

T HE PROCESSION MARCHED to the nearest police sta-
tion. The policeman informed a captain what had
happened. Emil filled in the report. Then he had to tell
them when and where he was born, who he was, and
where he lived. And the captain wrote it all down. In
ink.

“And what is your name?” he asked the thief.

“Herbert Kiessling,” answered the rascal.

That made the boys — Emil, Gustav, and the Profes-
sor — laugh out loud. And the bank clerk, who had
given over the hundred and forty marks to the captain,
joined in with them.

“Man, what a slippery eel!” cried Gustav. “First he is
Grundeis. Then he is Miiller. Now he is Kiessling. Now
I am just crazy to know who he really is!”

129

“Silence!” growled the captain. “We'll find that out
too.”

Herr Grundeis, Miiller, Kiessling gave his tempo-
rary address as the Hotel Kreid. Then he gave the date
of his birth and his home. Identification papers he had
none.

“And where were you until yesterday?” questioned
the captain.

“In Gross-Griinau,” declared the thief.

“That is certainly lying again,” called the Professor.

“Silence!” growled the captain. “We'll find that out
too.”

The bank clerk wondered whether he might leave.
Then information about him was noted down. He pat-
ted Emil kindly on the shoulder and departed.

“Did you yesterday afternoon steal a hundred and
forty marks from the schoolboy, Emil Tischbein, on
the train coming from Neustadt to Berlin, Kiessling?”
questioned the captain.

“Yes,” said the thief gloomily. “I don’t know how —
it happened very suddenly. The boy was sleeping in

the corner. And then the envelope fell out. And then I
picked it up and just wanted to look to see what was in-
side. And as I had absolutely no money at the time ——”
“What a swindler,” cried Emil. “I had the money
pinned tight in my jacket pocket. It could not have
fallen out.”
“And he wasn’t in such great need of it either, or he

130

wouldn’t have had Emil’s money untouched in his
pocket. Meanwhile he had to pay for a taxi, boiled eggs,
and beer,” remarked the Professor.

“Silence!” growled the captain. “We'll find that out
too.”

And he wrote down everything that was told.

“Could you let me go now, Officer?” asked the thief,
and squinted out of very politeness. “I've admitted the
theft. And you know where I live. I have business in
Berlin and would like to tend to a few errands.”

“Don't make me laugh,” said the captain sternly, and
called the police headquarters to have them send the
patrol over, because a railway thief had been arrested
in his district.

“When do I get my money?” inquired Emil anx-
iously.

“At police headquarters,” said the captain. “You will
go right over, and there everything will be arranged.”

“Emil, man!” whispered Gustav, “now you'll have
to go to ‘Alex’* in the Black Maria.”

“Stuff and nonsense,” said the captain. “Have you
any money, Tischbein?”

“Yes, indeed,” answered Emil. “The boys took up a
collection yesterday. And the porter of Hotel Kreid
lent me ten marks.”

“Genuine detectives! Confounded rascals!” scowled
the captain. But the scolding sounded very good-

® “Alex” is what they call police headquarters.

131

natured. “Well then, Tischbein, you take the subway
to Alexander Place and announce yourself to Criminal
Sergeant Lurje. Anything further you will soon find
out. And you'll get your money back there.”

“Could I first take the ten marks back to the porter?”
Emil wanted to know.

“Of course.”

In a few minutes the police van came. And Herr
Grundeis Miiller Kiessling had to climb in. The captain
gave the policeman seated inside the written report and
the hundred and forty marks. Also the pin. And then
the Black Maria rumbled off. The boys who stood in
the street jeered at the thief. But he paid no attention.
Probably because he was too proud of having the
privilege of riding in a private car.

Emil shook hands with the captain and thanked him.

Then the Professor informed the children who had
waited before the station that Emil would get his
money at “Alex,” and the chase was over. The children
streamed off home in great crowds. Only the intimate
friends took Emil to the hotel and to the Nollendorf
subway station. And he told them to telephone little
Dienstag at noon, so he would know how everything
had come out. And he hoped very much to see them
again before he went back to Neustadt. And he thanked
them all from the bottom of his heart for their help.
And they'd get their money back too.

“If you dare to give our money back, you'll get it in

132

the neck, man!” cried Gustav. “And besides, we have
to fight — on account of your funny suit.”

“Oh, man!” said Emil, and grabbed Gustav and the
Professor by the hand. “I feel so good. We'd better let
the fight go. It would break my heart to knock you
down for the count.”

“You wouldn’t succeed in that, even if you were in a
bad humor, you fathead!” cried Gustav.

And then the three went to Alexander Place to police
headquarters, and they had to go through many corri-
dors and past countless rooms. And at last they found
Criminal Sergeant Lurje. He was just eating breakfast.
Emil introduced himself.

“Aha,” said Herr Lurje, chewing busily. “Emil
Stuhlbein, our youthful amateur detective. Already an-
nounced by telephone. The Commissioner awaits you.
He wants to talk to you. Come with me now.”

“Tischbein is my name,” corrected Emil.

“Six of one and half a dozen of the other,” said Herr
Lurje, and took another bite of roll.

“We'll wait here for you,” the Professor decided. And
Gustav called after Emil, “Make it snappy. When I see
anybody chewing, I always get hungry myself.”

Herr Lurje walked through more halls — left, right,
left again. Then he knocked on a door. A voice
called, “Come in!” Lurje opened the door a crack and
said, chewing, “The little detective is here, Commis-
sioner, Emil Fischbein. You know.”

133

“Tischbein is my name,” Emil explained emphati-
cally.

“Fine name, too,” said Herr Lurje, and gave Emil a
shove so that he tumbled into the room.

The Commissioner was a very nice man. Emil had
to be seated in a comfortable armchair and tell the
whole story, every bit, from the beginning. At the end
the Commissioner said solemnly, “So, and now you'll
get your money back.”

“Thank goodness!” Emil took a long breath and put
his money away. And most carefully.

“But don’t let it get stolen again!”

“No! Impossible! I'll take it right to Grandmother.’

“Right! I had almost forgotten. You must give me
your Berlin address. Are you staying a few days?”

“Yd like to,” said Emil. “I live at 15 Schumann Street
with the Heimbolds. That’s my uncle’s name. My

>

aunt’s, too.”

“It’s wonderful how you children did it,” commented
the Commissioner as he stuck a big cigar into his
mouth.

“The fellows worked wonderfully, that’s true,” cried
Emil excitedly. “This Gustav with his horn, and the
Professor, and little Dienstag, and Krummbiegel, and
the Mittenzwey brothers — all of them, in fact. It was a
pleasure to work with them. Especially the Professor.
He is an acel”

134

 — ee

“Well, yes, you yourself are not exactly made of
mush,” remarked the man as he puffed out a cloud.

“What I'd like to ask, Herr Commissioner, what will
they do to Grundeis, or whatever my thief is called?”

“We have taken him to the Identification Bureau.
There he will be photographed. And his fingerprints
taken. And after that we will compare the picture and
the fingerprints with the photographs in our Rogues’
Gallery.”

“What is that?”

“There we have pictures of all the convicted crim-
inals. And there we have the fingerprints, footprints,
and such of the criminals that we haven’t caught yet
but that we are hunting. It might be possible that the
man who stole from you had committed other thefts
and burglaries before he helped himself to your money.
Isn’t that true?”

“That’s so. I hadn’t thought of that at all!”

“Just a moment,” said the nice Commissioner as the
telephone rang. “Yes, indeed . . . something interest-
ing for you . . . come right up to my room,” he spoke
into the transmitter. Then he hung up and said, “Nowa
few men from the papers will be along to interview
you.”

“What is that?” asked Emil.

“Interviewing means asking questions.”

“It can’t be!” cried Emil. “Will I be in the paper,
then?”

135

“Apparently,” said the Commissioner. “When a
schoolboy catches a thief, he becomes famous.”

There came a knock, and four men walked into the
room. The Commissioner shook hands with them and
told them briefly about Emil’s experience. The four
men busily wrote it down.

“Wonderful,” said one of the reporters at the end.
“The country boy as detective.”

“Perhaps you'll engage him for a plain-clothes man,”
advised another laughing.

“Why didn’t you go right to a policeman and tell
him all about it?” asked a third.

Emil was embarrassed. He thought of Policeman
Jesche in Neustadt and of his dream. And his throat
felt very dry.

“Well?” queried the Commissioner.

Emil shrugged his shoulders and said, “Well, all
right! Because in Neustadt I had painted a red nose
and a big mustache on the monument of the Grand
Duke Karl. Please, arrest me, Herr Commissioner!”

Then the five men laughed instead of drawing long
faces. And the Commissioner cried, “But Emil, we
couldn't afford to put our best detective in jail.”

“No? Truly? Oh, I am glad of that,” said the boy,
much relieved. Then he turned to one of the reporters
and asked, “Don’t you know me?”

“No, said the man.

136

“You paid for my ticket yesterday on Line 177 be-
cause I didn’t have any money.”

“Sure enough,” exclaimed the man. “Now I remem-
ber. You wanted to know my address so that you could
send back my money.”

“Will you take it now?” asked Emil, and took ten
pfennigs out of his trousers pocket.

“But, nonsense, answered the man. “You had even
introduced yourself.”

“Surely, I often do,” explained the boy. “Emil Tisch-
bein is my name.”

“My name is Kastner,” said the journalist, and they

‘shook hands.

“Splendid,” cried the Commissioner. “Old acquaint-
ances,”

“And now, Emil,” said Herr Kastner, “will you come
with me for a bit to the editor's office? First we'll go
somewhere and have cake with whipped cream.”

“Couldn't I invite you?” asked Emil.

“What a proud rascall” The men were very much
amused.

“No, you must let me pay,” said Herr Kastner.

“Td like to,” answered Emil, “but the Professor and
Gustav are waiting outside for me.”

“Of course well take them with us,” declared Herr
Kastner.

The other journalists still had all kinds of questions

137

Se eee

to ask. Emil gave them an exact statement. And they
took notes again.

“Ts the thief really a new one?” asked one of the men.

“T think not,” answered the Commissioner. “Perhaps
we are due for a great surprise. Call me up anyway in
an hour, gentlemen, all of you.”

Then they all departed. And Emil went with Herr
Kastner back to Criminal Sergeant Lurje. He was still
chewing and said, “Aha, the little Uberbein!”

“Tischbein,” said Emil.

Then Herr Kastner took a taxi for Emil, Gustav, and
the Professor, and they went first to a pastry shop. On
the way, Gustav honked. And they were delighted
when Herr Kastner jumped. In the pastry shop the
boys were very jolly. They ate cherry tart with lots of
whipped cream and told whatever occurred to them.

They told about the council of war in Nikolsburger
Place, about the taxi chase, about the night in the hotel,
about Gustav as the bellboy, about the excitement in
the bank. And at the end Herr Kastner said, “You are
certainly three wonderful boys.”

At that, they were very proud of themselves, and
each ate another piece of cake.

After that, Gustav and the Professor climbed into a
motorbus. Emil reminded them to call up little Dien-
stag in the afternoon, and then he went with Herr
Kastner to the newspaper office.

The newspaper building was huge. It was almost as

138

i

The reporters had many questions to ask,
big as the police headquarters at Alexander Place. And
in the corridors there was such a rushing and bustling
that you might think there was an obstacle race going
on.

They came to a room in which a pretty blond lady
was sitting. And Herr Kastner walked up and down
and dictated to the lady with the typewriter everything
that Emil had told him. Every once in a while he would
stop and ask Emil, “Is that right?” And when Emil
nodded Herr Kastner would start dictating again.

Then he called up the Police Commissioner.

“What's that you say?” cried Kastner. “Well, if that
isn't absurd. . . . I mustn't tell him anything about it
yet? Soooo, that too? Well, Lam glad. . . . Thank you
very much! That will be a real scoop.”

He hung up, looked at the boy as if he had never seen
him before, and said, “Emil, come with me quick! We
must have your picture taken.”

“Good gracious!” said Emil, astonished. However,
he submitted to everything, went up three stories
higher with Herr Kastner, and entered a very bright
room with many windows. First he combed his hair and
then he had his picture taken.

Finally Herr Kastner took him into the composing
room — there was a clatter, like that of a thousand type-
writers — Herr Kastner gave a man the sheets that the
lovely blond lady had typed and said that he’d be right
back up because the stuff was very important, but first

140

he had to send the youngster back to his grandmother.

Then they took the elevator to the ground floor and
walked out to the entrance. Herr Kastner beckoned to
a taxi, seated Emil, gave money to the chauffeur, al-
though the boy did not want him to, and said, “Take
my young friend to Number 15 Schumann Street.”

They shook hands heartily. And Herr Kastner added,
“My compliments to your mother when you get home.
She must be a very dear woman.”

“Indeed she is,” said Emil.

“One thing more,” called Herr Kastner as the car
started off, “read the paper this afternoon. You'll be
surprised, young man.”

Emil turned and waved. And Herr Kastner waved
back.

And then the taxi swung round a corner.

141

a ie ee

Sixteenth Chapter

The Police Commissioner

Sends His Regards

ee AUTOMOBILE had already reached Unter den
Linden. Emil] knocked three times on the window
back of the driver. The car stopped. And the boy asked,
“Are we almost there?”

“Sure,” said the man.

“I'm sorry to make you trouble,” said Emil, “but first
I must go to Kaiser Avenue. To the Café Josty. There
is a bouquet for my grandmother there. And my suit-
case, too. Would you please be so kind?”

“What do you mean — kind? Have you some money
in case I haven’t enough?”

“I have money, Driver. And I must have the flowers.”

“All right,” said the man, turned left, went through
the Brandenburger Gate, and down the green, shady

142

Zoological Gardens to Nollendorf Place. That place
seemed to Emil much more harmless and friendly, now
that everything had turned out all right. But anyway
he reached carefully into his inside breast pocket. The
money was there.

Then they went up Motz Street to the very end,
turned right, and stopped before the Café Josty.

Emil climbed out, betook himself to the counter,
asked the maid to please give him his bag and his flow-
ers, got them, thanked her, climbed back into the car,
and said, “There, Driver, now to Grandmother's.”

They turned around, traveled the long way back,
over the river Spree, through old streets with gray
houses.

The boy would have liked to observe the neighbor-
hood. But his things seemed bewitched. The suitcase
kept toppling over. And if the suitcase stood still for a
minute, then the wind seized the white paper around
the flowers so that it rustled and tore. And Emil had
to watch out to keep the bouquet from flying away.

At last the driver put on the brakes. The car stopped.
It was Number 15 Schumann Street.

“Well, here we are,” said Emil and got out. “Do I
owe you any more money?”

“No, instead you get back thirty pfennigs.”

“Is that soP” said Emil. “Get yourself a few cigars
with it.”

143
“I chew tobacco, my boy,” said the driver, and went
off.

Then Emil climbed to the third floor and rang the
bell at the Heimbolds’ door. There was a great cry be-
hind the door. Then it was opened. And there stood
Grandmother. She grabbed Emil by the collar, gave
him a kiss on the left cheek and a clap on the right
cheek at the same time, dragged him into the room by
his hair, and cried, “Oh, you young rascal, oh you young
rascal!”

“Fine stories we hear about you,” Aunt Martha said,
smiling as she gave him her hand. And Pony Hiitchen
offered him her elbows. She was wearing one of her
mother’s aprons and she squeaked, “Careful, my hands
are wet. I'm washing dishes — we poor women!”

Then they all went together into the living room.
Emil had to take the place of honor on the sofa. And
his grandmother and Aunt Martha beamed upon him
as if he were a very valuable painting of Titian’s.

“Have you the loot?” asked Pony.

“Of course,” said Emil, took the three notes out of
his pocket, gave one hundred and twenty marks to his
grandmother, and said, “Here, Grandmother, here is
the money. And Mother sends her best love. And you
mustn’t blame her because she hasn’t sent you anything
these last months. Business wasn’t so very good. And so
this time she’s sending you more than usual.”

“Thank you, my dear,” answered the old woman,

144

gave back a twenty-mark note, and said, “That is for
you because you are such a fine detective.”

“No, I can’t take it. You see I still have twenty marks
from Mother in my pocket.”

“Emil, a boy must obey his grandmother. Put it in
your pocket at once.”

“No, I shan’t take it.”

“What a boy!” cried Pony. “Nobody'd have to ask
me twicel”

“Oh no, I don’t want it.”

“Either you take it or Ill get the rheumatism, I'll
be so angry,” declared his grandmother.

“Quick, put the money away,” said Aunt Martha,
and poked the note into his pocket.

“Well, if you really want me to,” stammered Emil.
“Thank you, Grandmother.”

“IT am the one to be thankful,” she answered, and
smoothed back Emil’s hair.

Then Emil handed over his bouquet of flowers. Pony
brought a vase. But when the flowers were unwrapped,
they didn’t know whether to laugh or cry.

“Just dried vegetables!” said Pony Hiitchen.

“They've had no water since yesterday afternoon,”
explained Emil ruefully. “It’s no wonder. When Mother
and I bought them yesterday at Stamnitzen’s, they were
perfectly fresh.”

“Tm sure they were, I’m sure they were,” said Grand-
mother as she put the wilted flowers in water.

145

“Perhaps they'll freshen up,” comforted Aunt Mar-
tha. “There, and now we will have dinner. Your uncle
won't be home until evening. Pony, set the tablel”

“All right,” said the little girl.

“Emil, what are we going to have?”

“No idea.”

“What do you like best?”

“Macaroni with ham.”

“Well then, you know what we are going to have.”

It is true that Emil had eaten macaroni with ham just
the day before. But in the first place one can stand eat-
ing his favorite dish almost every day. And in the sec-
ond place it seemed to Emil as if at least a whole week
had gone by since yesterday's dinner with his mother
in Neustadt. And he dug into the macaroni as if he
were Herr Grundeis Miiller Kiessling himself.

After the meal, Emil and Pony ran down into the
street for a while, as the boy wanted to try out Pony’s
little nickel-plated bike. Grandmother lay down on the
sofa. And Aunt Martha baked an apple cake. Her apple
cakes were famous in the whole family.

Emil rode through Schumann Street. And Pony ran
after him, holding fast to the saddle. She maintained
she had to, or her cousin would fly away. Then Emil
had to get off, and she turned circles and threes and
eights for him.

Suddenly a policeman appeared who carried a port-

146

folio and inquired, “Children, do the Heimbolds live
here in Number 15?”

“Yes, indeed,” said Pony. “We're Heimbolds. One
minute, Officer.” She put her bike in the cellar.

“Is there something wrong?” wondered Emil. He
couldn’t help thinking of that plagued Jeschke.

“Quite the contrary. Are you the boy Emil Tisch-
bein?”

“Yes, I am.”

“Um, well, you can congratulate yourself!”

“Who has a birthday?” asked Pony, returning.

But the policeman told them nothing. Instead he
‘climbed up the stairs. Aunt Martha led him into the
living room. The grandmother awoke and got up, filled
with curiosity. Emil and Pony stood by the table, much
excited,

“It’s this way,” said the policeman as he opened the
portfolio, “The thief that the schoolboy Emil Tisch-
bein helped to catch early this morning has been iden-
tified as a bank robber from Hanover who has been
wanted for four weeks. This thief had stolen a great
deal of money. And our identification bureau has given
him over for trial.

“Besides that, he has made a confession. They got
back most of the money, which was sewed in the lining
of his clothes. Nothing but thousand-mark notes.”

“Holy cats!” said Pony Hiitchen.

“The bank,” continued the officer, “has been offering

147
a reward for the last two weeks to anyone who could
trace the man.

“And as you,” he turned to Emil, “have caught the
man, you get the reward. The Police Commissioner
sends his regards, and is happy to know that your
ability can be rewarded in this way.”

Emil made a bow.

Then the officer took a bundle of notes from his port-
folio and counted them out on the table. Aunt Martha,
who was watching closely, whispered, “A thousand
marks!”

“Good gracious!” cried Pony. “I give up.”

Grandmother signed a receipt. Then the policeman
left. But before he went, Aunt Martha gave him a big
glass of cherry brandy out of Uncle’s cupboard.

Emil sat down beside his grandmother and could not
say a word. The old woman put her arm around him
and said, shaking her head, “It is just unbelievable! It
is just unbelievable!”

Pony Hiitchen jumped upon a chair, started to beat
time as if she were leading a chorus, and sang, “Now
welll invite, now we'll invite, all the other boys for a
party.”

“Yes,” said Emil, “that’s all right. But first of all —
probably now — what do you think? — Mother could
come to Berlin too... .”

148

Seventeenth Chapter

Frau Tischbein
Is All Excited

HE NEXT MORNING Frau Wirth rang the doorbell of
Frau Tischbein’s home in Neustadt.

“Morning, Frau Tischbein,” she said. “How are you?”

“Good morning, Frau Wirth. I’m so worried. My boy
hasn’t sent me a word. Every time the bell rings I think
it is the postman. Shall I do your hair?”

“No, I only came over to bring you some news.”

“Please . . .”

“Greetings from Emil and ——”

“For heaven’s sake, what happened to him? Where
is he? What do you know?” cried Frau Tischbein. She
was frightfully excited and held up both her hands in
anxiety.

“But he’s all right, my dear — very much all right. He

149

has caught a thief. Think of that! And the police have
presented him with a reward of a thousand marks.
What do you say to that, hm? And now you must take
the noon train for Berlin.”

“But how do you know all that?”

“Your sister Frau Heimbold just called me up from
Berlin, in the store. Emil said a few words too. And you
must go right up there. As long as you have so much
money, that is the thing to do.”

“Yes, yes, of course,” murmured Frau Tischbein dis-
tractedly. “A thousand marks? Because he caught a
thief? How did he ever get that idea? He makes noth-
ing but blunders!”

“But this one rewarded him. A thousand marks is a
lot of money!”

“Oh, go on with your thousand marks!”

“Oh well, it might be worse. So you are going?”

“Naturally. I won’t have a minute’s peace until I've
seen that boy.”

“Good luck to you then, and a pleasant journeyl”

“Thank you, Frau Wirth,” said the hairdresser, shak-
ing her head as she closed the door.

But when that afternoon she was seated in the train
for Berlin she had another and a greater surprise. Op-
posite her a man was reading the paper.

Frau Tischbein’s gaze flickered restlessly from one
corner to the other. She counted the telegraph posts
that marched past the window and would have liked to

150

run behind the train to help push it. Time dragged so.

While she was shifting around, turning her head this
way and that, she happened to glance at the paper
across from her.

“Good heavens!” she cried, and snatched the paper
from the man who was reading it. He thought the
woman had suddenly gone mad, and was almost fright-
ened.

“There, there!” she stammered. “That — that is my
boy!” And she pointed with her finger at a photograph
on the front page of the paper.

“You don’t mean it?” said the man cheerfully. “You
are the mother of Emil Tischbein? That’s a great
youngster. Hats off to you, Frau Tischbein!”

“Yes, yes,” said the hairdresser. “Just keep your hat
on, sir!” And then she began to read the article. Over it
in giant letters was the caption:

A SMALL BOY AS DETECTIVE

HUNDREDS OF BERLIN CHILDREN CHASE
A CRIMINAL

And following that came a fully detailed story of
Emil’s experiences from the Neustadt railway station
to police headquarters in Berlin. Frau Tischbein was
pale with excitement. And the paper rustled as if the
wind were blowing, yet the windows were all shut
tight. The man hardly could wait for her to finish the

151

—_ > 3

always supposed to unbutton it before he sits down.
But he never listens!”

“Well, if he has no bigger faults than that .. .”
laughed the man.

“No, he hasn’t any faults, really, my Emil,” said his
mother, as she blew her nose in an excess of emotion.

Then the man got off. She must keep his paper, and
she read Emil’s experiences again and again to Fried-
richstrasse in Berlin. Eleven times altogether.

When they arrived in Berlin, there was Emil on the
platform. In honor of his mother he had put on his best
suit, and as he threw his arms around her neck he
asked, “Now, what do you say to me?”

“Don't be so conceited, you monkey!”

“Well, Frau Tischbein,” he said as he hooked him-
self onto her arm, “I certainly am tremendously glad
you came.”

“I see your suit hasn’t been improved by your thief
chasing,” observed his mother, but she didn’t sound
very cross.

“If you want me to, I can get a new suit.”

“From whom, then?”

“Oh, a clothing store wants to give me and the Pro-
fessor and Gustav new suits. And then they'll announce
in the paper that we detectives buy our clothes only
from them. That is advertising, you understand!”

“Yes, I understand!”

“But we are probably going to refuse,” Emil con-

153 |
tinued, taking big steps, “although we can each get a
new football instead. You know, we think the fuss they
are making over us is plain silly. The grownups can do
that sort of thing, as far as we are concerned. They are
funny and can’t help it. But children ought to cut it
out.”

“Bravo!” said his mother.

“Uncle Heimbold locked up the money. A thousand
marks! Isn’t that great? First of all, we'll buy you an
electric hair-drying machine. And then a winter coat
lined with fur. And for me? I must think it over. Per-
haps a new football, after all. Or maybe a camera. I'll
see.”

“I thought we'd better save the money and put it in
the bank. Later on you can tell better what to do with
i

“No, you get the drying machine and the warm coat.
What's left over we can put away, if you want to.”

“We'll talk it over again,” said his mother, and
squeezed his arm.

“Do you know that my picture’s been in all the pa-
pers? And long stories about me?”

“Tread one of them in the train. At first I was worried
about you. Are you sure nothing happened to you?”

“Not a thing. It was wonderful. I'll tell you all about
it. But first you must meet my friends.”

: “Where are they, then?”
“In Schumann Street. At Aunt Martha’s. She made

154

apple cake yesterday. And then we invited the whole
crowd. They're up at the house now, making a racket.”

Sure enough, there were great goings on at the Heim-
bolds’. They were all there: Gustav, the Professor,
Krummbiegel, the Mittenzwey brothers, Gerold, Fried-
rich the First, Traugott, the little Dienstag, and all the
others. There were hardly enough chairs to go around.
_ Pony Hiitchen ran from one to the next, pouring out
hot chocolate from a huge pot. And Aunt Martha’s ap-
plecake was a poem. Grandmother sat on the sofa,
laughing and seeming ten years younger.

When Emil came in with his mother there was a
great welcome. Every boy shook hands with her. And
she thanked them all for helping her Emil so much.

“And now,” interrupted Emil, “the new suits and the
footballs, we won't take them. We won't lend ourselves
to any advertising scheme. Are we agreed?”

“Agreed,” shouted Gustav, and honked his horn so
that Aunt Martha's flowerpots rattled.

Then Grandmother rapped with her spoon on her
gold cup, stood up, and announced, “Now, you all lis-
ten to me, you young scouts. I'm going to make a
speech. But don’t begin to imagine things. I am not
going to praise you. The others have just about made
you silly. I'm not going to do that too. I'm not going to
do that too.”

The boys had all become very still and did not even
dare to keep on chewing.

155

ton
from one to the

other pouring chocolate.

————

“Chasing after a thief,” went on Grandmother, “and
surrounding him with a hundred children — no, that
isn't a great performance. No offense meant, my
friends. But there is one among you who would have
liked to tiptoe after Herr Grundeis. He would have
loved to spy around as the green bellboy in the hotel.
But he stayed at home because he had agreed to —
because he had agreed to.”

Everybody looked at little Dienstag. He was blush-
ing beet-red and was very much embarrassed.

“Quite right. I mean little Dienstag. Quite right,”
said Grandmother. “He sat there for two days at the
telephone. He knew where his duty lay. And he did it,
even though he didn’t like it. That was very fine, you
understand? That was very fine. You can all take an
example from him. And now we'll stand up and cheer:
‘Hurrah for little Dienstag!’ ”

The boys all jumped up. Pony Hiitchen held her
hands like a trumpet before her mouth. Aunt Martha
and Emil’s mother came in from the kitchen. And they
all shouted, “Three cheers for little Dienstag!”

Then they all sat down again. And little Dienstag
took a deep breath and gulped. “Thank you very much.
But that’s too much. You would have done it too. Any
boy does what he has to. Enough! That’s all.”

Pony Hiitchen held up the big chocolate pot and
cried, “Who wants anything more to drink, you fel-
lows? Now we'll drink to Emil!”

157

Eighteenth Chapter

Pn Anything be Learned

from It All?

L ATE IN THE AFTERNOON the boys departed. And
Emil had to promise solemnly to go to the Profes-
sor’s with Pony Hiitchen the very next afternoon. Then
Uncle Heimbold came in, and they had supper. After
which he gave the thousand marks to his sister-in-law,
Frau Tischbein, and advised her to put the money in
the bank.

“That was just my intention,” said the hairdresser.

“No,” objected Emil, “that wouldn’t be any fun for
me. Mother must buy an electric drying machine and
a new coat that’s lined with fur. I don’t know what
youre thinking about. That money belongs to me. Can
I do what I want with it or not?”

“That you certainly cannot,” declared Uncle Heim-
bold. “You are only a child. And the decision as to what
is to be done with the money rests with your mother.”

Emil got up from the table and went over to the
window.

“Good gracious!” said Hiitchen to her father. “Can’t

158

you see that Emil was glad that he could give some-
thing to his mother? Grownups are dumb.”

“OF course, she'll get the drying machine and the»
coat,” soothed Grandmother. “But what’s left over
can be put in the bank, can’t it, my boy?”

“Of course,” agreed Emil. “Do you say so too,
Mummy?”

“If you want it that way, you young millionaire.”

“We'll go shopping early tomorrow,” cried Emil.
“Pony, you can come with us.”

“Did you think, perhaps, that I'd be catching flies in
the meantime?” laughed Pony. “But you must buy
something for yourself, too. Of course, Aunt Tischbein
must get her drying machine, but you must buy your-
self a bicycle, so that you won't have to ride your
cousin’s bicycle to pieces.”

“Emil,” inquired his mother anxiously, “have you
broken your cousin’s bike?”

“OF course not, Mother, I only raised the handle-
bars a little bit higher. She always goes around bent

way over like a monkey, so she'll look like a racer.”

“Monkey yourself!” cried Pony. “If you change my
bike again, everything’s off between us, you under-
stand?”

“If you weren't a girl, and thin as a stick besides, I'd
teach you a few things, my child. Anyway, I won't
bother myself about it today, but what I buy with the
money or what I don’t buy is none of your business.”

And Emil stuffed both fists in his pockets. ’
159

g

_—————“" —_”-—_

| o's ”~ =

“Don't quarrel, don’t strike, scratch each other's eyes
out instead,” called Grandmother soothingly, and the
subject was dropped.

Later Uncle Heimbold took the dog out for an
airing. That is—Heimbolds had no dog, but Pony
always said that when her father went out to get his
evening glass of beer.

Grandmother and the two women and Pony
Hiitchen and Emil sat in the living room and talked
over the past few days, which had been so exciting,

“Well, perhaps the affair has it good points too,”
said Aunt Martha.

“Sure it has,” agreed Emil. “One lesson I’ve learned
from it: never trust anybody.”

And his mother added, “I have learned that you
should never let children travel alone.”

“Nonsense, muttered Grandmother, “that’s all
wrong, all wrong.” :

“Nonsense! Nonsense! Nonsense!” sang Pony as she
rode a chair around the room.

“You think, then, that we can’t learn anything from
this experience?” inquired Aunt Martha.

“Certainly,” answered Grandmother.

“What, then?” they all asked in one breath.

“Never send cash, always send a money order,”
growled Grandmother, and chuckled like a music box.

“Hurrah!” cried Pony Hiitchen, and she rode her
.chair into the bedroom.

160

When Emil boards the train for Berlin, his
money is safe in his pocket. When he arrives, the
money is gone!

Emil knows who stole it. It was the man on the
train—the Man in the Stiff Hat! How can he face
his grandmother without that money? He must
catch the thief.

Emil needs help. But he didn’t count on the
help he gets from 100 boy detectives.

What a chase! What a story!

SCHOLASTIC BOOK SERVICES, NEW YORK

