The Yoisonous BWlushroom

“Just as it is often hard to tell a toadstool from an edible mushroom, so too it
is often very hard to recognize the Jew as a swindler and criminal...”
A mother and her young boy are gathering mushrooms in the German forest. The boy

finds some poisonous ones. The mother explains that there are good mushrooms and
poisonous ones, and, as they go home, says:

“Look, Franz, human beings in this world are like the mushrooms in the forest. There
are good mushrooms and there are good people. There are poisonous, bad mushrooms
and there are bad people. And we have to be on our guard against bad people just as we
have to be on guard against poisonous mushrooms. Do you understand that?”

“Yes, mother,” Franz replies. “I understand that in dealing with bad people trouble may
arise, just as when one eats a poisonous mushroom. One may even die!”

“And do you know, too, who these bad men are, these poisonous mushrooms of
mankind?” the mother continued.

Franz slaps his chest in pride:
“Of course I know, mother! They are the Jews! Our teacher has often told us about
them.”

The mother praises her boy for his intelligence, and goes on to explain the different
kinds of “poisonous” Jews: the Jewish pedlar, the Jewish cattle-dealer, the Kosher
butcher, the Jewish doctor, the baptised Jew, and so on.

“However they disguise themselves, or however friendly they try to be, affirming a
thousand times their good intentions to us, one must not believe them. Jews they are and
Jews they remain. For our Volk they are poison.”

“Like the poisonous mushroom!” says Franz.

“Yes, my child! Just as a single poisonous mushrooms can kill a whole family, so a
solitary Jew can destroy a whole village, a whole city, even an entire Volk.”
Franz has understood.

“Tell me, mother, do all non-Jews know that the Jew is as dangerous as a poisonous
mushroom?”

Mother shakes her head.

“Unfortunately not, my child. There are millions of non-Jews who do not yet know the
Jews. So we have to enlighten people and warm them against the Jews. Our young
people, too, must be warned. Our boys and girls must learn to know the Jew. They must
learn that the Jew is the most dangerous poison-mushroom in existence. Just as
poisonous mushrooms spring up everywhere, so the Jew is found in every country in the
world. Just as poisonous mushrooms often lead to the most dreadful calamity, so the
Jew is the cause of misery and distress, illness and death.”

German youth must learn to recognise the Jewish poison-mushroom. They must learn
what a danger the Jew is for the German Volk and for the whole world. They must learn
that the Jewish problem involves the destiny of us all.

“The following tales tell the truth about the Jewish poison-mushroom. They show the

many shapes the Jew assumes. They show the depravity and baseness of the Jewish race.
They show the Jew for what he really is:

The Devil in Human form!
How to Recognize a Jew

“The Jewish nose is bent. It looks like the number six...”
Things are lively in Mr. Birkmann’s 7th grade boys’ class today. The teacher is talking

about the Jews. Mr. Birkmann has drawn pictures of Jews on the blackboard. The boys
are fascinated. Even the laziest of them, “Emil the Snorer,” is paying attention, not
sleeping, as he so often does during other subjects. Mr. Birkmann is a good teacher. All
the children like him. They are happiest when he talks about the Jews. Mr. Birkmann can
do that well. He learned about the Jews from life. He knows how to put it in gripping
terms such that the favorite hour of the day is the “Jewish hour.” Mr. Birkmann looks at
the clock.

“Tt is noon,” he says. “We should summarize what we have learned in the past hour.
What have we talked about?”

All the children raise their hands. The teacher calls on Karl Scholz, a small lad in the
front row. “We have talked about how to recognize the Jews.”

“Good. Say more!”

Little Karl reaches for the pointer, steps up to the board and points at the drawings.

“One can most easily tell a Jew by his nose. The Jewish nose is bent at its point. It looks
like the number six. We call it the Jewish six. Many non-Jews also have bent noses. But
their noses bend upwards, not downwards. Such a nose is a hook nose or an eagle nose.
It is not at all like a Jewish nose.”

“Right!” says the teacher. “But the nose is not the only way to recognize a Jew...”

The boy goes on. “One can also recognize a Jew by his lips. His lips are usually puffy.
The lower lip often protrudes. The eyes are different too. The eyelids are mostly thicker
and more fleshy than ours. The Jewish look is wary and piercing. One can tell from his

eyes that he is a deceitful person.”

The teacher calls on another lad. He is Fritz Miiller, and is the best in the class. He goes
to the board and says:

10
“Jews are usually small to mid-sized. They have short legs. Their arms are often very
short too. Many Jews are bow-legged and flat-footed. They often have a low, slanting
forehead, a receding forehead. Many criminals have such a receding forehead. The Jews
are criminals too. Their hair is usually dark and often curly like a Negro’s. Their ears are
very large, and they look like the handles of a coffee cup.”

The teacher turns to the students.

“Pay attention, children. Why does Fritz always say ‘many Jews have bow legs’, or
‘they often have receding foreheads,’ or ‘their hair is usually dark’?”

Heinrich Schmidt, a large, strong boy in the last row speaks.

“Every Jew does not have these characteristics. Some do not have a proper Jewish nose,
but real Jewish ears. Some do not have flat feet, but real Jewish eyes. Some Jews cannot
be recognized at first glance. There are even some Jews with blond hair. If we want to
be sure to recognize Jews, we must look carefully. But when one looks carefully, one
can always tell it is a Jew.”

“Very good,” the teacher says. “And now tell me about other ways to tell Jews from
non-Jews. Richard, come up here!”

Richard Krause, a smiling blond lad, goes to the board. He says: “One can recognize a
Jew from his movements and behavior. The Jew moves his head back and forth. His gait
is shuffling and unsteady. The Jew moves his hands when he talks. He “jabbers.” His
voice is often odd. He talks through his nose. Jews often have an unpleasant sweetish
odor. If you have a good nose, you can smell the Jews.”

The teacher is satisfied.

“That how it is, kids. You have paid attention! If you pay attention outside school and
keep your eyes open, you won't be fooled by the Jews.”

fl
The teacher goes to the lectern and turns the board. On the other side a poem is written.
The children read it out loud:

“Srom the face of the jew
The wicked Devil speaks fo you,
The Devil who is everywhere
SMnown as an evil plague.

We would be Happy and cheerful,
if again freed from fhe Serv,
So the youth with us must seek
To escape from the jewish devilish grip.”
“Just look at these guys! The louse-infested beards! The filthy,
protruding ears...”

B
Che scene of the next story is a small German town. School-children stop in the street
to observe and comment on three “Eastern Jews.”

“Look at those creatures!” cries Fritz.

“Those sinister Jewish noses! Those lousy beards! Those dirty, standing-out ears! Those
bent legs! Those flat feet! Those stained, fatty clothes! Look how they move their hands
about! How they haggle! And those are supposed to be men!”

“And what sort of men?” replies Karl. “They are criminals of the worst sort.”

He describes their trafficking in wares and how, when they have money enough they
“Get rid of their dirty clothes, cut their beards off, de-louse themselves, put on up-to-
date clothes and go about as if they were not Jews. In Germany they speak German and
behave as though they were Germans. In France they speak French and act as
Frenchmen. In Italy they want to be Italians; in Holland, Dutch; in America, Americans;
and so on. So they carry on throughout the whole world.”

Fritz laughs at this and says anyhow they can always be recognized as Jews. Karl nods:

“Naturally, one can tell them if one uses one’s eyes. But unfortunately, there are still
many who fall for the Jewish swindle.”

“Not me! I know the Jews! I know, too, a verse about them:

"Once they came from the Cast,
Dirty, fousy, and ready to Fleece;
And in a few years
They were all enriched.

Mow they dress very fancy and clean,
And as Jews no Longer want fo be seen.
Ho keep your eyes open and note it good:

Once a jew, always a jew!”

14
What is the Talmud?

“In the Talmud it is written: ‘Only the Jew is human. Gentile peoples are not
called humans, but animals.’ Since we Jews see Gentiles as animals, we call
them only Goy.”

5
Dolly is thirteen years old. He is the son of the livestock-Jew Blumenstock from

Langenbach. There is no Jewish school there. Solly therefore has to go to the German
school. His schoolmates don’t like him. Solly is fresh and insolent. There are always
fights. And Solly is always responsible for them.

Today Solly doesn’t have to go to school. He has to visit a rabbi in the city. A rabbi is a
Jewish preacher. And this Jewish preacher wants to see if Solly has diligently studied the
teachings of the Jewish religion. Solly has gone to the synagogue. A synagogue is the
church of the Jews. The rabbi is waiting for him. He is an old Jew with a long beard and
a genuine devil’s face. Solly bows. The rabbi leads him to a reading table where there is
a large, thick book. It is the Talmud. The Talmud is the secret law book of the Jews.

The rabbi begins the examination:
“Solly, you have a non-Jewish teacher in school. And every day you hear what the
Gentiles say, what they believe, and the laws by which they live .. .”

Solly interrupts the rabbi: “Yes, rabbi, I hear that every day. But that doesn’t concern
me. I am a Jew. I have laws to follow that are entirely different from those of the non-
Jews. Our laws are written down in the Talmud.”

The rabbi nods: “Right! And now I want to hear what you know about them. Give me a
few sayings or proverbs that you have heard in the Gentile school!”

Solly thinks. Then he says: “A proverb of the Gentiles is: ‘Work is no disgrace.” What
do the Gentiles mean by that?”

“They mean to say that it is no disgrace when one has to work.”

“Do we Jews believe that?” “No, we don’t believe that! In our law book the Talmud it is
written: Work is noxious and not to be done.

Therefore we Jews don’t work, but mostly engage in commerce. Gentiles are created to
work.

16
In the Talmud it also says: The rabbi teaches: There is no lower occupation than
farming. A Jew should neither plow the field nor plant grain. Commerce is far more
bearable than tilling the soil.”

The rabbi laughs: “You’ve learned very well. But I know another Talmud passage that
you must learn.” He opens the Talmud. Solly must read:

The Gentiles are created to serve the Jews. They must plow, sow, weed, dig, reap,
bundle, soft, and grind. The Jews are created to find everything ready.

The rabbi continues his examination: “Tell me several more principles or proverbs of
the Gentiles!”

Solly answers: “The Gentiles say: 'Be ever loyal and upright. Honor is the surest
defense.’ What do the Gentiles mean by that?”

“They mean that one should always be honest in life. One should not lie and cheat.
That’s what the Gentiles say.”

“And what do we Jews do?”
“We may lie and cheat Gentiles. In the Talmud it says: /t is permitted for Jews to cheat
Gentiles. All lies are good.

And furthermore it is written: /t is forbidden for a Jew to cheat his brother. To cheat a
Gentile is permitted.

When we loan the Gentiles money, we must demand usurious interest. For in the
Talmud it is written. Concerning robbery it is taught: Gentiles may not rob each other.
The Gentile may not rob the Jews. But the Jews may at any time rob the Gentiles.

It further says: fa Jew has stolen something from a Gentile and the Gentile discovers it
and demands it back, the Jew should simply deny it all. The Jewish court will stand by
the Jew.
It is also permitted for us Jews to buy stolen goods from a thief, when they come from
Gentiles. We Jews may also be fences without sinning before our God. Smuggling and
tax evasion are also permitted for us Jews. In the Talmud it is written that we may cheat
Gentile authorities of customs and taxes. It says: Smuggling is permitted, for it is
written: You need not pay what you owe.

Also thievery is permitted for Jews. But we may steal only from the Gentiles. The
Talmud says: “The words ‘Thou shalt not steal’ in the text refer only to thievery from
Jews. Stealing from Gentiles is not meant.”

“What does that mean?” the rabbi asked.

“That means that we cannot steal from or cheat Jews. But we can cheat Gentiles at any
time. That is permitted for us.” The rabbi is satisfied: “Excellent! In conclusion, give me
several more laws from the Talmud.”

Solly is delighted with the rabbi’s praise. Solly says: “In the Talmud it is written:
Only the Jew is human. The Gentile peoples are not called people, rather they are
named animals.

And because we see Gentiles as animals, we call them goy, it is also permitted for us at
any time to perjure ourselves before a Gentile court. In the Talmud it is written: The Jew
is permitted to swear falsely before a Gentile court. Such an oath is always to be seen
as compelled. Even when a Jew swears by the name of God, he is allowed to tell a lie,
and in his heart to reject the oath he has made.

Furthermore, in the Book of Sirach it says: “Terrify all the nations, 0 Judah! Lift up
your hands against the Gentiles! Incite the wrath of the Gentiles against each other and
pour out anger! Shatter the princes who are enemies to the Jews.”

“Enough!” interrupts the rabbi. He comes up to Solly and shakes his hand. Then he

says: “You are a fine Talmud student. You will become a real Jew. Always think about
what the Talmud demands of you. The teachings and laws of the Talmud are far more

fg
important and more to be obeyed than the laws of the Old Testament. The teachings of
the Talmud are the words of the living Jewish god. He who breaks the laws of the
Talmud deserves death. You should think about that throughout your whole life. If you
always follow the Talmud laws diligently, you will join our biblical fathers in the Jewish
heaven. Amen!”

WMlurder, fies, and thievery
Robbery, cheating, and perjury
These are for the Jews all permitted,
OF these their children are swell-wwitted.

an the Talmud it is written,
What Jews fove and what they bitter,
What jews think and how they behave,

AU by the Talmud its given.

19
hy the jews
Set Themselves be Baptised

iy Vi e

t } 2
¥ % od i —__
8 Ye =
a

aoe? _——— pres <a

—_— ee

“Baptism didn’t make a Gentile out of him...”

al
Chis story tells about the baptizing of a Jewish man and his wife. The picture shows a

fat, sallow-faced man and a pink-powdered woman coming out of Church, both holding
large prayer-books in their hands, while the priest at the Church door is giving them a
parting blessing. Two blond German girls in the background comment upon this scene.
They comment on their appearance and point out that the baptism makes no difference:
they are Jews just the same.

Anne says: “Do you know our girls’ leader once told us : ‘Just as little as a Negro can be
made into a German by baptism, can a Jew be made into a non-Jew.’ *

Grete stamps her feet angrily on the ground:
“I do not understand these priests who go on baptizing Jews even today. By doing so
they admit a criminal mob into the churches.”

Anne concludes: “I believe a time will come when the Christians will curse the clergy
who once allowed Jews to enter the Christian Church. For the Jews only want to destroy
the Christian Church. And they will destroy it if our clergy go on allowing Jews to enter.
There is a saying:

“SH a jew wants to be baptized by a priest,
Then be on your guard at feast,
Because a jew remains always a jew
an Heart, bfood and soul of his.

Mothing changes by Baptismal water.
That doesnt make the Jew any better!
The Devil in Time is he
And so remains through Eternity!”

we
we
How a German YWeasant
was Driven from Souse and Farm

“Daddy, someday when I have my own farm, no Jew
will enter my house...”
Chis story tells how a German peasant was driven from his land and farm by a Jewish

financier, who, enforcing usurious interests, ruins the peasant and compels him to sell
his farm. The picture shows the Jew in the background enforcing his claim, while in the
fore a neighbouring peasant and his young son discuss what is taking place.

Little Paul is frightfully shocked. His eyes sparkle with anger. “What a mean Jew!” he
says. Then he is silent awhile. Full of loathing, he looks at the Jew. He would like best to
break the waterjug on the creature’s head. But what could the little fellow do! That
would not help his neighbour.

“Father, when I am grown up and have a farm of my own, I will always think of our
neighbour. And no Jew shall ever enter my house. I will write on the door : Jews
prohibited! And if a Jew were to come in, I would at once throw him out!”

The Father nods: “Right, Paul! One should have nothing to do with a Jew. The Jew will
always cheat us. The Jew will take from us all we possess. Every peasant must make a
note of that!”

“Yes,” says little Paul, “and I will always think of the saying which teacher has taught us
at school:

“The peasant prays to the Lord:
Oh, keep off the Hail and storm,
protects us from fighting and flood
Then we shall Have good harvest to come.

But worse than aff plagues et loose,
never forget, is the Jews
Be warned: Look out too
for the terrible Serv!”
How Jewish Werchants Cheat

“Farming woman, have I got something special for you today. Look
at this material! You can make a dress from it that will make you
look like a baroness, like a countess, like a queen...”

25
Chis story introduces a Jewish hawker who tries to sell bad cloth to a young German
peasant girl.

It is a festival evening in the village when the Jew tums up with his wares. The Jew
flatters the peasant woman and spreads out his wares. “Everything the heart desires,
Levy has for sale.” But the German peasant girl turns down his offers.

The Jew persists, and shows her some stuff of “... purest wool. That will make a dress
for you, woman, so that you will look like a Baroness or a Princess, like a Queen. And
cheap, too, that I can tell you!”

But the peasant woman knows the Jew too well. “I am buying nothing from you,” she
says, and goes away.

The Jew packs up and goes away cursing. He consoles himself with the knowledge that
there are lots of other peasants who can be more easily duped than this one.

The story concludes:

Woe to the woman, however, who lets herself be taken in by his chatter. It will happen
to her. As has happened to so many other peasant women once they have let the Jew in.
There is no escape. There is an old saying:

“The jewish hawker
as a cheat and fast-talker.
Aut all times is he a good fiar,
And you always end up paying higher.

Ho many have gone through the milf
So safe yourself from ruin,
do not et the jew score,
And buy only from a Germanic store.”
The Experience of Sans
and Else with a Strange 2Wian

“Here, kids, I have some candy for you. But you both have to
come with me...”

27
an this story a Jew tries to entice little children to his home, by giving them caramels.
The little boy saves his sister by calling the police.

Else begins to have plenty of sweets. Hans asks from where they are coming.

“T have got them from a strange man. But don’t tell mother! The man strictly forbade me
to do so!”

Hans is curious. They arrange to go together. The “man” wants them to go with him.

Hans hesitates — Hans thought: “What does the man want of us? Why should we go
with him?”

Suddenly a great fear comes over him.

“You are a Jew!” he cries and seizing his sister, runs off as fast as his legs will carry
him. At the corner of the street he meets a policeman. Quickly Hans tells his story. The
policeman gets on his motor-bike and soon overtakes the strange man. He handcuffs him
and takes him to prison.

At home, subsequently, there is great rejoicing. The police praise Hans for being a brave
lad. His mother gives him a large piece of chocolate while teaching him the following
saying:

“A devil goes through the fano,
as the jew, we all know first-hand.
Ais murderer of peoples and polluter of bfood
The terror of children in every block.

Se wants to ruin the Bouth

Se wishes all people its doom.
Save nothing to do with the dirty jew
Then Happy and safe will you be tool”

28
auge’s BWisit fo a jewish Doctor



“Two criminal eyes flashed behind the glasses and the
fat lips grinned.”
ange is sick. For several days she has had a light fever and a headache. But Inge did not

want to go to the doctor. “Why go to the doctor for such a trifle?” she said again and
again when her mother suggested it. Finally her mother insisted.

“March! Go to Dr. Bernstein and let him examine you!” her mother ordered.
“Why Dr. Bernstein? He is a Jew! And no real German girl goes to a Jew,” Inge replied.

Her mother laughed.
“Don’t talk nonsense! Jewish doctors are all right. They are always chattering nonsense
about it at your League of German Girls meetings. What do those girls know about it?”

Inge protested.

“Mother, you can say what you want, but you can’t slander the League of German Girls.
You should know that we League of German Girls understand the Jewish question better
than many of our parents. Our leader gives a short talk about the Jews nearly every week.
Just recently she said:

‘A German may not go to a Jewish doctor! Particularly not a German girl! Because the
Jews want to destroy the German people. Many girls who went to a Jewish doctor for
healing found instead sickness and shame!’ That’s what our leader said, Mother. And
she’s right!”

Her mother grew impatient.

“You always think you know more than the grown-ups. What you said just isn’t true.
Look, Inge. I know Dr. Bernstein well. He is a fine doctor.”

“But he is a Jew! And the Jews are our deadly enemies,” Inge replied.

Now her mother became really angry.

“That’s enough, you naughty child! Go to Dr. Bernstein nght now! If you don’t, Pil
teach you how to obey me!”

30
Her mother screamed and raised her hand. Inge did not want to be disobedient, so she
went. Went to the Jewish doctor Bernstein!

Inge sits in the waiting room of the Jewish doctor. She had to wait a long time. She leafs
through the magazines that are on the table. But she is much too nervous to be able to
read more than a few sentences. Again and again she thinks back on the conversation
with her mother. And again and again she recalls the warning of her League of German
Girls' leader:

“A German may not go to a Jewish doctor! Particularly a German girl! Many girls who
went to a Jewish doctor for healing found instead sickness and shame!”

As Inge entered the waiting room, she had had a strange experience. From the
examination room of the doctor came crying. She heard the voice of a girl:

“Doctor! Doctor! Leave me alone!” Then she heard the scornful laugh of a man. Then
all was suddenly silent. Breathlessly Inge had listened.

“What does all that mean?” she asked herself, and her heart beat faster. Once again she
thought of the warnings of her League of German Girls' leader.

Inge has been waiting for an hour. Again she picks up the magazines and tries to read.
Then the door opens. Inge looks up. The Jew appears. A cry comes from Inge’s mouth.
In terror she lets the newspaper drop. Terrified, she jumps up. Her eyes stare in the face
of the Jewish doctor. And this face is the face of the Devil.

In the middle of this devilish face sits an enormous crooked nose. Behind the glasses
glare two criminal eyes. And a grin runs across the protruding lips. A grin that wants to
say: “Now I have you at last, little German girl!”

The Jew comes toward her. His fat fingers grasp for her. But now Inge has recovered.
Before the Jew can grab her she hits the fat face of the Jew-doctor. Then a leap to the
door. Breathlessly Inge runs down the steps. Breathlessly she dashes out of the Jew-
house.

In tears she returns home. Her mother is shocked to see her child.
“For God’s sake, Inge! What happened?”

31
It is a long time before the child can say anything. Finally Inge tells about her
experience with the Jew-doctor. Her mother listens in horror. And when Inge finishes
her story, her mother lowers her head in shame.

“Inge, I shouldn’t have sent you to a Jewish doctor. When you left I regretted it. I
couldn’t relax. I wanted to call you back. I suspected suddenly that you were right. I
suspected that something would happen to you. But everything came out all right, thank
God!”

Her mother moans, and tries to conceal her tears.

Gradually Inge calms down. She laughs again. “Mother, you’ve done a lot for me.
Thank you. But you have to promise me something: about the League Of German
Girls ...“

Her mother doesn’t let her finish.
“I know what you want to say, Inge. I promise. I’m finding that one can learn even from
you children.”

Inge nods.

“You're right, Mother. We League of German Girls, we know what we want, even if we
are not always understood. Mother, you taught me many sayings. Today I want to give
you one to learn.” And slowly and significantly Inge says:

“at was the devil with evil intend
2ho the jew-doctor fo our country sent.
Sike a devil he sought
To defile Germanic women and honor.

The Germanic Folk, theyll not be sound
QArless very soon the way is found
To Germanic healing, natural ways,
To Germanic doctors in Future days”
Sow the jew
Treats his Domestic Help

4] TRAINS

“A man was waiting for me at the station. He tipped his hat and was very
friendly to me. But I knew that I should stay away from him, because he
was a Jew...”
Chis story tells of a 23 year-old Rosa, who went into domestic service, using a Jewish

agency in Vienna. For four weeks the parents have heard nothing of her. They are
troubled.

Finally a letter comes from Rosa telling how she was handed on and her experience, and
how, finally, she reached a Jewish home in England, via the Jewish Agency. In
England:

“They were again Jews. I got only small wages and had to work from early morning till
late at might. I had almost nothing to eat. The Jews treated me as if I were a dog. I was
perpetually insulted.”

The letter goes on to tell how she was rescued by the wife of a good German business
man, who was on a visit to London.

“They rescued me from slavery. They even bought me a return ticket.”

Rosa concludes:
“The Jew is a devil. I shall hate him as long as I live. And I shall always think of the
saying I heard yesterday:

“Germanic women, great or small theyd be,
Ret the jew only a Goya would see.
Sis hatred for you he can barely handle,
And always will treat you worse than cattle.

sf a gitl wants to keep herself pure
Set her steer clear of the Serwsfl
af in lifes struggle she wants fo make good
Set Her Have no truck with the Jewsl”

34
How Tivo Women sere
Tricked by jewish Lawyers

Go al |

“Well, Colleague Morgenthau, we did a good piece of business
today.”

“Splendid, Colleague Silberstein. We took the lovely money from the
two Goy women and can put it in our own pockets.”

35
Chis story tells how a Jewish lawyer, by making the same promises to two German

women, complainant and defendant, takes fees from both. In the Court judgment is
given: “Both women are guilty. Both must pay.”

After the Court proceedings the two Jewish lawyers who have so arranged the case
congratulate one another on the good business they have done:

“Now we have jewed and mulcted the two Gojas of their money, we can put it in our
sack!”

The two German women recognize they have been cheated, make peace with one
another, and take the experience as a warning never to quarrel again and “Never to go
again to Jewish lawyers.”

“We will remember all our lives this saying:

‘The Jewish Lawyer has no shame,
Zo feeling for Justice only gain.
Se only goes to Court
Sor the prospect of earning more.

Whether Grave and good people
Wear themselves out and bicker,
eaves the jew completely cold.
Mever to a jewish fawyer go.”

36
How Jews Torment Animals

“The animal fell once more to the ground. Slowly it died. The Jews stood
around and laughed.”

37
an this story the ritual murder of animals and humans are exposed. Two boys, Kurt and
Otto, go to a Jewish slaughter house, hide themselves, where they can watch the Jews
killing a cow.

The process of fixing the cow and the operation is described, involving callous brutality
and Schadenfreude on the part of the Jewish butchers. Four Jews hold down the cow
while its neck is being cut.

“The Jews stand there and — laugh.”

At the end, Otto says:
“Kurt, now I believe you. The Jews are the meanest persons in the world.”

Kurt answers:

“Yes, the Jews are a murderous people. With the same brutality and lust for blood with
which they kill animals they also kill human beings. Have you ever heard of ritual
murders? On such occasions the Jews kill boys and girls, men and women. From the
beginning Jews have been murderers. They are Devils in human form.” There is a
saying:

“Anger, envy, hatred and rage,
Mun in the jews blood, deep in his veins,
Towards every people in the world
Who to the Chosen tribe do not belong.

Se kills animals and humans alike,
Sis blood-fust knows no confines.
The world can only recover well

When the jew is by all forever expelled.”

38
What Christ Said about the Jews

“When you see a cross, remember the gruesome act of murder committed
by the Jews on Golgotha.”

39
A peasant mother returning from field-work, with her three children, pauses before a

way-side Christ. The mother talks to them about the wickedness of the Jews. She points
to the Cross, which stands by the road:

“Children, look there! The Man who hangs on the Cross was one of the greatest enemies
of the Jews of all time. He knew the Jews in all their corruption and meanness. Once He
drove the Jews out with a whip, because they were carrying on their money-dealings in
the Church. He called the Jews: killers of men from the beginning. By that He meant that
the Jews in all times have been murderers. He said further to the Jews: Your father is the
Devil! Do you know, children, what that means? It means that the Jews descend from the
Devil. And because they descend from the Devil they can but live like devils. So they
commit one crime after another.”

The children look thoughtfully at the Cross. Mother continues:

“Because this Man knew the Jews, because He proclaimed the truth to the world, he had
to die. Hence the Jews murdered Him. They drove nails through His hands and feet and
let Him slowly bleed. In such a horrible way the Jews took their revenge. And in a
similar way they have killed many others who had the courage to tell the truth about the
Jews. Always remember these things, children. When you see the Cross, think of the
terrible murder by the Jews on Golgotha. Remember that the Jews are children of the
Devil and human murderers. Remember the saying:

"Ks Long as on earth Jews Have endured
Others told of the enmity they caused.
They gave warnings with zeal awd ardor.
And even sacrificed their orn blood,

Ho that the world the Devil might know
And not plunge into desolation;

Ho that the world might soon be freed
Strom Judah's chains of slavery.”

40
QMioney Js
The God Of The Jews

“The God of the Jews is money. To earn money, he commits the greatest
crimes. He will not rest until he can sit on a huge money sack, until he has
become the king of money.”

At
Sisclotte looks out at the cottage window towards evening and talks to her mother
about the hard way in which father has to work.

She says:
“Do you know, mother, what I sometimes wish? I should like to be rich. Very rich! And
with my money I would make people happy. I should love to help the poor!”

They go on talking. Liselotte asks:

“Tell me, mother, how does it happen that the Jews are so rich? Our teacher has told us
at school that here are thousands of Jews in the world who are millionaires. And yet the
Jews do not work. It is the non-Jews who must work. The Jew only trades. Yet one
cannot become a millionaire by trading with paper, bones, old clothing and furniture!”
"But," the Mother explains, "the Jew has no conscience, no compassion. The Jew is quite
indifferent when the cheated non-Jew goes hungry. Jews have no pity. They strive for
one thing: — money. They do not care two hoots how they get it.”

Liselotte asks:
"How they can behave in this mean way?"

Mother answers:

“My child, one thing you must realise. The Jew is not a person like us. The Jew is a
Devil. And a Devil has no sense of honour. A Devil deals only in meanness and crime.
You have read your Bible, Liselotte. There it says the Jewish God once said to the Jews:
“You must eat up the people of the earth!’ Do you know what that means? It means the
Jew should destroy all other peoples. They should bleed and exploit them till they die.
That is what it means.”

Liselotte tries to understand these things.
Mother continues:

“Yes, my child, that’s the Jew! The God of the Jews is gold. There is no crime he would
not commit to get it. He has no rest till he can sit on the top of a gold-sack.
He has no rest till he has become King Money. And with this money he would make us
all into slaves and destroy us. With this money he seeks to dominate the whole world.
All that is contained in the following saying:

“The Jew fas only one idea in this world,
at is: Money, Silver and Gold
Bry every kind of device and trick
To make himself immeasurably rich.

What cares he for contempt and scorn!
Money was and is his only Gool
Through money he hopes to ford it over us all,
And achieve the mastery of the world.’

43
44
Sow Worker Hartmann
Became a BMational-Socialist

jit x eo - ‘aT Tate a 3.
y/ / y is 7; 2) fit. - bg 4
— Mel

as

—_—

The Jew cries: “We don’t care about Germany... The main thing is that
things go well for us...”

45
Chis story tells how a decent German worker, after listening to the talk of a Jewish

speaker in a Communist meeting, turns away in disgust and joins the National-Socialists
of Herr Hitler.

The Hitler-Youth is out for a tramp. On the way they meet worker Hartmann and they
invite him to tell them a story. Worker Hartmann tells how, years ago, unemployed, he
became a Communist. He describes the Communist meetings. One day he observes that
the leaders are Jews.

“And as one of the Jews was always talking about Russia and always saying it was best
there, I grew angry and interrupted: Why are you always talking about Russia? We are
German workers! Yes, we ‘re Germans. We want to hear something about Germany, not
Russia!”

He goes on to tell how the speaker grew fearfully angry and finally called out:
“What do we care about Germany? All that matters is that we get on and have a good

time!”

“Now I knew enough. We workers should become traitors to the Fatherland. We should
co-operate with the Jews for the ruin of Germany.

I would not be a traitor to the Fatherland. No, never!

I turned my back on the Jews and left the meeting. Three others came with me. That
night I could not sleep. But then I knew what to do. I left the Communist Party.

Later, I found my way to Adolf Hitler. And I say to you: I shall stay with Hitler as long
as I live. I know the Jews. I shall always think of the song that we workers sang:
“SM a Folk wants to greatly prosper
at must fold firmly together.
Sor hatred, Class struggle and strikes
Aire the cuin of a nations might.

This the world has been taught often

There was aliways essons it offered.
Eternal peace will be recovered

When no jews among us can be discovered.”
Are There Decent Jews?

“People are always saying that we Jews cheat other people, that we lie
and deceive. Not a word of it is true. We Jews are the most decent
people in the world.”

49
our Germans sit talking in a public house. One is a Jew, Salomon, who is telling the
others that the Jews are the most decent people to be found anywhere.

Zimmermann won't have it and cites cases of Jewish rogues he has met.

The Jew gets uneasy, and seeks a way out by saying:
“Oh well, but those are exceptions!”

The peasant joins in the talk and supports Zimmermann.

Salomon gets angry. He has paid for the beer and still must listen to that sort of talk
from them.

“You talk a lot of stupid nonsense!” he cries, “but not a word about decent Jews. And
there are plenty of decent Jews. Am I not one? Was I not a soldier at the front? Did I not
defend the Fatherland. Have I not paid for your beer, you impudent creatures, stupid
Gois!”

There is silence in the room. Then the worker gets up who has said little, and throws a
coin to the Jew.

“Finished, Salomon. Here is your money. We will not have you paying for us. But now
you shall have the truth! You liar! You never heard a bullet. You were ‘indispensable’
and stayed at home profiteering, then you were with the Reds, calling ‘Down with
Germany!’ ‘Long live the World Revolution!’ And now you are a decent Jew? Not a bit
of it! There aren’t any decent Jews.

Salomon picks up his hat and runs like the Devil from the public house. Everybody
laughs.

“What a pity he has gone!” says Zimmermann. “I should like to have repeated the
following saying to him:
“So oft we Hear the yarn
Sow brave such and such a few was.
Sow he gave his money to the poor
And was an angel in the world.

A jew, fike a pure angel?
That must be a fairy talef
Who invents such fables?
ats only the jew, himself, whos capablel”

51
Without Solving the Jewish Question
Mankind Sas Wo Salvation

Julius Streictyey

“He who fights the Jews battles the Devil.” Julius Streicher.

53
Che kids of the Hitler Boys’ Organization are proud of their black uniform. ‘We are the

real Hitler-men’ say the young boy. Although ‘men’ is a bit overdone, they are right in
one thing: the young are loyal to the Leader in life and death.

The boys are talking - in this concluding story - among themselves. One of them
describes a National Socialist Party march in Munich on the previous November 9th.

“Next to the Leader was General Goering, who was formerly severely wounded at the
Feldermhalle. I saw, too, Reichministers Dr. Goebbels, Frick, Rust and the Reich leader
Rosenberg, Amann, Schwarz, our Reich Youth Leader Schirach and many other old
campaigners. Before the Leader was carried the Blood-Flag, which received its
consecration on November 9th. 1923. And in front of the Blood-Flag marched a man
who, in 1923, too, was in the front and the thick of it: Julius Streicher.”

Another boy says: “We know him all right. He is the enemy of the Jews. That is why all
the Jews hate him.”

“You are right” says another. “The Jews hate and insult only those whom they most fear.
And they are afraid of Streicher.”

Another boy hitherto silent, draws attention to a placard, which reads:
“Julius Streicher speaks in the Volkshalle on The Jews are our Misfortune! *

“Let us go” says Konrad. “I’ve so long wanted to hear him.”

Erich says: “I heard him once in a meeting two years ago.”

“Tell us about him!” cry the other two boys.

Erich relates: “The meeting was packed. Thousands of people were there. At first,

Streicher spoke about the years of struggle and the great achievements of the Hitler
Reich. Then he came to the Jewish question.

54
What he said was so clear and simple that even we youngsters could understand. He took
his examples always from life itself. Once he was very funny and made jokes, so we all
had to laugh. Then he became deeply earnest and it was so still in the room, you could
have heard a pin drop. He spoke of the Jews and their revolting crimes. He spoke of the
great danger the Jews were to the whole world.

“Without a solution of the Jewish question, Mankind has No Salvation!”
“That is what he said to us. We all understood. And when at the end he had shouted
Victory, Hail! for the Leader, we had a storm of enthusiasm for him. Streicher had

spoken for two-hours. It only seemed like a few minutes to us.

“Yes, my dear friends! I shall always think of that meeting. And I shall never forget the
speaking-choir which we heard at the end of the gathering:

“From the Germany Hitler created Resounds a cry to the whole world: Free yourselves
from the Jewish hand And save both Folk and Fatherland!”

“The world awakes in JSuda’s chains
Germany afone it knows can savel

Through Germanic being and Germanic ways
The whole world will be relieved one day’

Bictory, Saill

55
Where one is ruled by the Jews,
freedom is nothing but a ruse!

Nowadays in Palestine...

“The Jews stand there and — laugh.”... “With the same brutality
and lust for blood with which they kill animals
they also kill human beings.” Pg. 38

